Putaendo is a city and commune in the San Felipe de Aconcagua Province of central Chile's Valparaíso Region.
Little Johnny Jones is a musical by George M. Cohan.
The mixed doubles badminton event at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics were held at Nanjing Sport Institute.
Rosemary Clooney Sings the Music of Jimmy Van Heusen is a 1986 album by Rosemary Clooney, of songs composed by Jimmy Van Heusen.
American Born Chinese is a graphic novel by Gene Luen Yang.
Always: The Very Best of Erasure is the fourth compilation album released by the British synthpop band Erasure.
Tepu Nui is an island of the Gambier Islands of French Polynesia.
Brenda Mock Kirkpatrick ( born June 21 , 1978 ) is the current head coach of the University of North Carolina at Asheville women's basketball team.
One Wild Life: Spirit is a studio album by Gungor.
James Sedillo is a former member of the Arizona House of Representatives.
Dongping dialect is a Mandarin Chinese dialect spoken in Dongping County in Shandong province.
The Ceru di Cueba Formation is a geologic formation in Curaçao.
Marvin Ronald Hubbard ( May 7 , 1946 -- May 4 , 2015 ) was a professional American football player.
INAC Kobe Leonessa is a Japanese football club from Kobe, founded in 2001 .
The Black Box is a box set album by Gasolin'.
Metal Gear Solid 4 : Guns of the Patriots is an action-adventure stealth video game developed by Kojima Productions and published by Konami exclusively for the PlayStation 3 console.
Jeremy Hardy vs. the Israeli Army is a 2003 feature documentary directed by Leila Sansour and starring Jeremy Hardy.
The Distinguished Aviation Cross is a military decoration of the Armed Forces of the Philippines.
To Beep or Not to Beep is a Merrie Melodies animated short starring Wile E. Coyote and the Road Runner.
The  2020 Russian Figure Skating Championships will be held from 24 to 29 December 2019 in Krasnoyarsk.
Robert Hale Kinzie ( February 24 , 1840 -- February 22 , 1936 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
FC HU ZIDMU-Spartak Zaporizhia was a Ukrainian football club from Zaporizhia.
Out of This World is the fourth studio album by the Swedish rock band Europe.
Moravia is a historical region in the Czech Republic.
Cordelia Gray is the protagonist of P. D. James's An Unsuitable Job for a Woman and of The Skull Beneath the Skin.
The Second Battle of Fort Sumter was fought on September 8 , 1863 , in Charleston Harbor.
Sukh Beas railway station  is located in Pakistan.
Fidel Suárez Cruz is a Cuban farmer from Pinar del Río.
A Dill Pickle is a 1917 short story by Katherine Mansfield.
Otto Jung ( 12 July 1930 8 May 1998 ) was an Argentine alpine skier.
John W. Goodwine was a member of the Michigan House of Representatives.
Of Breath and Bone is the third studio album by Australian melodic death metal band, Be'lakor.
The  2014 Erste Bank Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.
Manorama Dobriyal Sharma was an Indian politician of the Indian National Congress party.
Olympic FC de Niamey is a Nigerien football club based in Niamey.
Port of Mina Al Fahal is situated at Mina al Fahal in the Muscat Governorate of Oman.
Newfoundland Drinking Songs is an album by Ryan's Fancy released in 1973 .
The Sentinelese are an indigenous people of North Sentinel Island in the Andaman Islands.
The  2012 Volvo World Match Play Championship was the 47 th Volvo World Match Play Championship played.
Sir William Courtenay, 1 st Baronet ( 7 September 1628 -- 1 August 1702 ) was an English politician.
Ganesh Vyankatesh Joshi ( 9 June 1851 20 May 1911 ) was an economist.
Thomas Kingsland ( 16 June 1862 8 December 1933 ) was a New Zealand cricketer.
John F. Kennedy High School is a public school located in Mt.
Giovanni Battista Ramusio ( July 20 , 1485 July 10 , 1557 ) was an Italian geographer and travel writer.
The Chief Justice of the Republic of Korea is the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Korea.
The Oracle of Delphi is a 1903 French short silent film directed by Georges Méliès.
The Well of Stars is a science fiction novel written by Robert Reed.
The Six of Calais is a one-act play by George Bernard Shaw.
The  2019 Eastern Intercollegiate Volleyball Association Tournament was the men's volleyball tournament for the Eastern Intercollegiate Volleyball Association during the 2019 NCAA Division I & II men's volleyball season.
All the Time in the World is the second studio album by the band Lazlo Bane.
Rush Limbaugh Is a Big Fat Idiot and Other Observations is a  1996  American book by Al Franken.
Love & Rain: Love Songs is a compilation album by Japanese singer Toshinobu Kubota.
The National Library of Belarus is the biggest library in the Republic of Belarus.
Marwan M. Kraidy is Professor of Communication at the Annenberg School for Communication at the University of Pennsylvania.
Still life with flowers on a marble slab is a 1716 floral painting by Rachel Ruysch.
The Rio Grande Hydroelectric Complex is a pumped-storage hydroelectric power station in the Calamuchita Department of Córdoba Province, Argentina.
Do or Die is a 1991 action film starring Cynthia Brimhall, Pat Morita and Erik Estrada.
The FAI Gold Air Medal was established in 1924 by the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale and was first awarded in 1925 .
Samuel E. Chapman was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly during the 1848 and 1861 sessions.
Dundee Wharf is a residential development in Limehouse in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets in London.
The Curse of the Wendigo is a 2010 young adult horror novel by Rick Yancey.
Destruction Derby Arenas is a racing video game for the PlayStation 2 .
The Victorian State Football League is a former Australian rules football governing body.
Linthicum & Linthicum was an architectural firm in North Carolina.
Ten Nights in a Bar-room and What I Saw There is an 1854 novel written by American author Timothy Shay Arthur.
An Acoustic Evening With is a live album by Ani DiFranco.
Swing Kids: Music From The Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack from the 1993 film Swing Kids.
Mountain Brook flows into the Little Delaware River by Bovina, New York.
Frank Northam Harvey ( 19 December 1864 10 November 1939 ) was an English first-class cricketer.
Arthur Ellis is a Democratic member of the Maryland Senate from the 28 th district.
The Political Parties and Elections Act 2009  ( c 12 ) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
The Lincoln Courthouse Square Historic District is located in Lincoln, Illinois in Logan County.
The Hawk is the weekly student newspaper of Saint Joseph's University.
Tatjana Sais ( 28 January 1910 26 February 1981 ) was a German film actress.
Rubene Parish is an administrative territorial entity of the Jēkabpils Municipality, Latvia.
Il Giornalino di Gian Burrasca is an Italian novel by Vamba ( aka Luigi Bertelli ) .
Love Is Wicked is the debut album by Brick & Lace.
James Vincent Chataway ( 6 September 1852 -- 12 April 1901 ) was a member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly.
José Júlio da Costa ( 14 October 1893 , Garvão 16 March 1946 , Lisbon ) was a Portuguese left-wing political activist who assassinated President Sidónio Pais of Portugal on 14 December 1918 .
The Truth About the Harry Quebert Affair is a novel by Swiss author Joël Dicker.
Andrea di Alessandro was an Italian sculptor of the Renaissance period.
Brad J. Lamb is a Canadian real estate broker and condominium developer.
Julia Arnall ( 21 November 1928 -- 8 November 2018 ) was a British-based actress.
Live at River Plate is a live concert film documenting AC/DC’s Black Ice World Tour.
Mohammed Sultan Khan Ghauri is a biologist specialist of Hemiptera.
Dawn of the End is the tenth album by Runemagick.
Brother in the Land is a 1984 post-apocalyptic novel by Robert E. "Bob" Swindells.
Fort Beaufort Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in the Raymond Mhlaba Local Municipality area in Fort Beaufort, Eastern Cape in South Africa.
DJ-Kicks: Kemistry & Storm is a DJ mix album, mixed by Kemistry & Storm.
Creating End of the Earth: Voyage to Antarctica is a 2004 book by Peter Matthiessen published by National Geographic Books.
Bosnia and Herzegovina has participated in the Turkvision Song Contest twice since its debut in .
The Chief Justice of the Bahamas heads the Supreme Court of the Bahamas.
Hranice is a border town in Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.
Greatest Hits Live...and More and Toto Live is a live album by Toto.
The Iranian Parliament Committee on Energy , or Energy Committee is a standing committee of the Islamic Consultative Assembly of Representatives.
Ludolph Anne Jan Wilt, Baron Sloet van de Beele ( 28 March 1806 -- 10 December 1890 ) was the Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies in 1861 -- 1866 .
When Angels Speak of Love is a music album by the American Jazz musician Sun Ra and his Myth Science Arkestra.
Cast a Long Shadow is a 1959 American Western film directed by Thomas Carr and starring Audie Murphy and Terry Moore.
...Spasming and Howling, Bowels Loosening and Bladders Emptying, Vomiting Helplessly... is a compilation album by Gnaw Their Tongues, independently released in August 2007 .
To the Stars is a science fiction novel by American writer L. Ron Hubbard.
Weightlifting at the Friendship Games was contested at the Palace of Culture and Sports in Varna, Bulgaria between 12 and 16 September 1984 .
Robert M. Muhlestein was a Republican member of the Utah State Senate.
Handball at the 2010 South American Games in Medellín was held from March 20 to March 30 .
Vasilena Amzina ( 29 June 1942 19 December 2017 ) was a Bulgarian middle-distance runner.
Human Drama The Best of Human Drama...In a Perfect World was released by Triple X in 2000 .
Castanea: Journal of the Southern Appalachian Botanical Society is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Southern Appalachian Botanical Society.
Isla de Maipo is a commune of the Talagante Province in central Chile's Santiago Metropolitan Region.
Petro Tchaikovsky National Music Academy of Ukraine or Kiev Conservatory is a Ukrainian state institution of higher music education.
Indiana Jones and His Desktop Adventures is a 1996 adventure video game.
1  2  3  4  5  6  7  8   Points
Khashbaataryn Tsagaanbaatar is the single medal winner from Mongolia at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Desmond Barker ( born 25 August 1949 ) is a retired South African Air Force officer.
Bill Heath is a Republican member of the Georgia State Senate serving since 2005 .
The Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism is the journalism school of Columbia University.
Cramp fasciculation syndrome ( CFS ) is a rare peripheral nerve hyperexcitability disorder.
Club Gimnasia y Esgrima de Concepción del Uruguay is an Argentine football club from the city of Concepción del Uruguay in Entre Ríos Province.
Movement for the Liberation of the Peoples is a political party in Guatemala.
Anse du Grand Cul-de-Sac  is a quartier of Saint Barthélemy in the Caribbean.
Love It to Life is a 2010 studio album by Jesse Malin.
The Grass Valley Public Library ( renamed the Grass Valley Library-Royce Branch ) is a Carnegie library and on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Portland State Vikings women's basketball team represents Portland State University in Portland, Oregon.
Edward Douglas White Catholic High School is a private, Roman Catholic junior and senior high school in Thibodaux, Louisiana in the Diocese of Houma-Thibodaux.
The Free Social Democrats were a political party in Denmark.
The Liberty Lady Flames softball team represents Liberty University in NCAA Division I college softball.
Built to Destroy is the fourth album by the Michael Schenker Group ( MSG ) .
Wild Jimbos Two is the 1993 album by Wild Jimbos.
Ramon Iglesias i Navarri ( 28 January 1889 in Vall de Boí -- 31 March 1972 ) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop.
Miss Etta James: The Complete Modern and Kent Recordings is a compilation album of songs by Etta James recorded for the Modern and Kent labels.
Thoothukudi is a Lok Sabha constituency in Tamil Nadu.
Newton Heath and Moston is a Manchester Metrolink tram stop on the Oldham and Rochdale Line ( ORL ) , in the Newton Heath area of Manchester, England.
Rani Mera Naam is a  1972  Bollywood drama film directed by K. S. R. Das.
The Lord Protector: The Riddle of the Chosen is a 1996 fantasy film starring Patrick Cassidy and directed by Ryan Carroll.
Hans van den Doel ( January 18 , 1955 September 22 , 2010 ) was a Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy ( VVD ) .
Rajan Pallan is an Indian National Congress politician from Thrissur city, India.
Qamrul Islam ( born 1 June 1950 ) is a Bangladesh Awami League politician.
The  2015 Motorcycle Grand Prix of the Americas was the second round of the 2015 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season.
AS Maniema Union is a football club in Kindu, Democratic Republic of Congo.
The Clash: Westway to the World is a 2000 documentary film about the British punk rock band The Clash.
Araldo Caprili ( 10 September 1920 9 January 1982 ) was an Italian professional football player.
SK Benátky nad Jizerou is a Czech football club located in Benátky nad Jizerou.
Wild in the Country is a 1961 film starring Elvis Presley.
Martin Connor is a former member of the New York State Senate from Brooklyn, New York.
Penicillium carneum is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium Penicillium roqueforti var.
Operation Flashpoint: Red Hammer is an expansion pack to Operation Flashpoint: Cold War Crisis.
Ulysees Gilbert III ( born August 9 , 1997 ) is an American football linebacker for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Jørgen Hansen Koch ( 4 September 1787 30 January 1860 ) was a Neoclassical Danish architect.
The Second Form at Malory Towers is a children's novel by Enid Blyton set in an English boarding school.
In the Presence of the Enemy is a crime novel by Elizabeth George.
South Dorset Giants was a rugby league team based in Weymouth, Dorset.
Sai-So: The Remix Project is the first remix album by Japan-based Kodo.
Sporting Clube da Praia Cruz is a football club that plays in the São Tomé and Príncipe Championship.
The Action of 13 November 1943  was a submarine engagement of World War II.
Utah State Board of Education ( USBE ) is the state education agency of Utah.
Herculaneum High School is a public high school in the Dunklin R-V School District in Herculaneum, Missouri.
Brent Walter Roberts is an American social and personality psychologist who is professor of psychology at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign.
The Sheffield & Hallamshire Women's County League is a women's association football league in England run by the Sheffield & Hallamshire FA.
Ben Bernie and All the Lads is a short film made by Lee de Forest in the De Forest Phonofilm sound-on-film process.
The Libertarian Party of South Dakota is the South Dakota affiliate of the national Libertarian Party.
Antonio Alexe ( 21 December 1969 -- 21 January 2005 ) was a Romanian professional basketball player.
Jonathan Peter Tsipis ( born November 7 , 1972 ) is the head coach of the Wisconsin Badgers women's basketball team.
Eduardo Morera ( 9 January 1906 21 January 1997 ) was an Argentine film director.
Uke-Hunt is a ukulele-based cover band fronted by Spike Slawson from Me First and the Gimme Gimmes.
The Mammoth Book of Best New Manga is edited by ILYA.
Neferkamin Anu was a pharaoh of ancient Egypt during the First Intermediate Period.
The Journal of Imperial and Commonwealth History is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering the history of the British Empire and Commonwealth and comparative European colonial experiences.
The Valley of Horses is a historical fiction novel by Jean M. Auel.
Isidore Aleixinho Fernandes of the Indian National Congress party represents Canacona in Goa Legislative Assembly.
Herman Alexander de By ( 16 February 1873 24 February 1961 ) was a Dutch swimmer.
A Shared History of Tragedy is the second album from Canadian rock band The Black Maria.
Out of the Way was an American Thoroughbred racehorse.
HMCS Sioux was a V-class destroyer of the Royal Canadian Navy which fought in the Second World War and the Korean War.
Le Mythe de la 5 ème île  is a 2007 documentary film directed by Mohamed Saïd Ouma.
Deborah D. Blumer was a Democratic member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from Framingham.
Battlebridge Basin is a canal basin in the London Borough of Islington.
The National Defence Radio Establishment ( FRA ) is a Swedishgovernment agency organised under the Ministry of Defence.
The Daily Athenaeum is the official student newspaper at West Virginia University.
The Palau Football Association is the governing body for association football in Palau.
Robb Austin was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
The XII Memorial of Hubert Jerzy Wagner was held at Kraków Arena in Kraków, Poland from 16 to 18 August 2014 .
The Party for Solidarity and Progress is a political party in Mali.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Orán is located in the city of San Ramón de la Nueva Orán, Argentina.
Under the Sun of Satan was the first novel published by Georges Bernanos.
There was a Scottish National Party leadership election in 1969 .
The Speaker of the National Assembly presides over the National Assembly of South Africa, the lower house of the Parliament of South Africa.
Women and Satan First is a 2012 album by Wumpscut.
The Book of Strange New Things is a 2014 science fiction novel by Dutch-born author Michel Faber.
The Architecture Analysis & Design Language ( AADL ) is an architecture description language standardized by SAE.
Harish Kumar Gangawar was Member of Parliament in the seventh Lok Sabha from Pilibhit constituency elected in 1980 on Indian National Congress ticket.
Friedrich Freiherr von Georgi ( January 27 , 1852 1926 ) was a General of the Austro-Hungarian Imperial Army.
Igreja da Misericórdia de Tavira is a church in Portugal.
The Kuomintang chairmanship election of 2015  was held on 17 January 2015 in Taiwan.
Rogério Bacalhau is the current mayor of the Faro Municipality of Portugal.
Westside Middle School is the middle school of the Westside Community Schools district.
The  44 th North Carolina Infantry Regiment was a unit of the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.
Omar Rodriguez Lopez & John Frusciante is a collaborative studio album by Omar Rodríguez-López, guitarist of The Mars Volta, and the former Red Hot Chili Peppers guitarist, John Frusciante.
Hollywood Town Hall is the third studio album by American rock band The Jayhawks.
Al Unser Jr.'s Turbo Racing is a racing video game for the Nintendo Entertainment System console released in 1990 .
Samurai: Way of the Warrior is an action video game for iOS.
School District of Wisconsin Dells is a school district headquartered in Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin.
The Bleach manga and anime created by Tite Kubo.
An Inch of Gold for an Inch of Time is the 2005 release by American mathcore band The Number Twelve Looks Like You.
François Truffaut: Stolen Portraits is a 1993 French documentary film directed by Michel Pascal and Serge Toubiana, about the film director François Truffaut.
Kyegegwa District is a district in Western Region of Uganda.
The FIS Alpine World Ski Championships 1935  were held in Mürren, Switzerland in February 1935 .
Robert Lee Moore ( November 27 , 1867 -- January 14 , 1940 ) , also known as R.
Side Pony is the fifth studio album by Lake Street Dive.
Marvin E. Miller Jr. ( December 13 , 1945 -- September 30 , 2016 ) was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
Divine Horsemen: The Living Gods of Haiti ( 1985 ) is a black-and-white documentary film of approximately 52 minutes.
Hornblower and the Atropos is a 1953 historical novel by C.S.
Stein Olaf Sando  is a Norwegian handball player.
The Forstbotanischer Garten und Pflanzengeographisches Arboretum der Universität Göttingen ( Forestry Botanical Garden and Phytogeographical Arboretum of the University of Göttingen ) , often called the Forstbotanischer Garten und Arboretum, is a arboretum and botanical garden maintained by the University of Göttingen.
Evil Dead: Hail to the King is a survival horror video game developed by Heavy Iron Studios and published by THQ released for the PlayStation, Dreamcast and Microsoft Windows.
The Cathedral of St. Philip the Apostle in Puerto Plata Also known as Puerto Plata Cathedral, and as St.
Upper Violet Creek Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.
Count Constant de Kerchove de Denterghem ( 31 December 1790 -- 12 July 1865 ) was a Belgian liberal politician.
The second season of Rock of Love with Bret Michaels was confirmed by VH 1 in October 2007 .
The Trades Union Congress of Ghana ( TUC ) is the national trade union center of Ghana.
Valbo HC is an ice hockey team in Valbo, Sweden.
Heinrich Bender ( 2 December 1902 10 July 1943 ) was a German rower.
The Lamar Lady Cardinals soccer team represents Lamar University in NCAA Division I college soccer.
The Boston Mills Historic District is a historic district in the Cuyahoga Valley National Park in Northeast Ohio in the United States.
The Our Lady of Fátima Church Macau is a church in Nossa Senhora de Fátima, Macau, China.
Lotta Flink ( born 18 January 1965 ) is a Hong Kong swimmer.
Ciudad Jardín El Libertador is a town in General San Martín Partido of Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.
Boggy Creek II: And the Legend Continues is a 1985 film directed by Charles B.
Mariposa County High School is a public high school located in Mariposa, CA.
The military history of New Zealand during World War I began in August 1914 .
Gother Victor Fyers Mann ( 8 October 1863 , Sydney -- 12 November 1948 , St Leonards ) , also known as G.
India competed at the  1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany.
Armed Forces Discipline Act 2000  is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
San Ciriaco alle Terme Diocleziane was a church in the Baths of Diocletian in Rome.
Careful, He Might Hear You is a Miles Franklin Award-winning novel by Australian author Sumner Locke Elliott.
Bizarro is the second studio album by The Wedding Present.
Shame the Devil is a 2000 crime novel written by George Pelecanos.
#REDIRECT Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for the Gaeltacht
The Abbey in the Oakwood is an oil painting by Caspar David Friedrich.
Toothpaste for Dinner is a webcomic created by Drew Fairweather.
Amelita Galli-Curci ( 18 November 1882 26 November 1963 ) was an Italian coloratura soprano.
Country Church Time is the sixth studio album released by George Jones on January 20 , 1959 .
Shaanxi Provincial Institute of Archaeology is the official archaeological institute of China's Shaanxi Province.
The Revolution Will Not Be Televised is a poem and song by Gil Scott-Heron.
Michael Dockry was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Wind: A Breath of Heart is a visual novel by Japanese game studio Minori.
The UTEP Miners basketball team plays for University of Texas at El Paso in El Paso, Texas.
Tropical Storm Dorothy was the deadliest tropical cyclone of the 1970 Atlantic hurricane season.
Helen Sommers ( March 29 , 1932 -- March 7 , 2017 ) was an American politician.
The Chinese Taipei national ice hockey team is the national men's ice hockey team of the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) .
Judith Clair Kelly is a Judge of the Supreme Court of the Northern Territory ( Australia ) .
The Mist in the Mirror: A Ghost Story is a novel by Susan Hill.
Luca Sperandio ( born 28 January 1996 ) is an Italian rugby union player.
Ugo Vetere ( 23 April 1924 -- 2 April 2013 ) was an Italian Communist Party politician.
Enrico Pagani ( 7 September 1929 2 October 1998 ) was an Italian basketball player.
Cardigan River and Food Festival is an annual food festival held at Cardigan, Ceredigion.
Silver Town is the fourth studio album by The Men They Couldn't Hang.
Future Souls is the third studio album from American girl band Uh Huh Her.
Bringing Down the Horse is the second album by the American rock band The Wallflowers.
The Killer Is on the Phone is a 1972 giallo film directed by Alberto De Martino.
Albert D. Shimek ( April 23 , 1873 -- June 7 , 1960 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Momote Airport is an airport on Los Negros Island in the Admiralty Islands, Papua New Guinea.
The Stevens Ducks football team represented the Stevens Institute of Technology in college football.
Scotland were represented at the  2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi.
David Immanuel Hammergren ( June 16 , 1875 -- August 13 , 1944 ) was a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives and the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Sweet Women Lie is a crime novel by Loren D. Estleman.
The Dizzy Acrobat is the eighth animated cartoon short subject in the Woody Woodpecker series.
Lucius Titius Epidius Aquilinus was a Roman senator of the second century.
Steve Edwards ( born 25 January 1986 ) is a New Zealand field hockey player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics.
The Sun Records Collection is a 1994 compilation album.
The United Goans Party is a political party in Goa.
The boys' individual archery event at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics was part of the archery programme.
The Carlton Chronicles: Not Until the Operation's Through is an album released by South San Gabriel in 2005 .
Lawrence McClure is a member of the Florida House of Representatives.
Daniel Muñoz de la Nava ( born 29 January 1982 in Madrid, Spain ) is a Spanish professional tennis player.
When It All Goes South is the nineteenth studio album of country music band Alabama, released in 2001 .
Frederick H. Bealefeld III is the former police commissioner of the Baltimore Police Department.
The Minister of Veterans Affairs is the Minister of the Crown responsible for the Veterans Affairs Canada.
René Iché ( 21 January 1897 23 December 1954 ) was a 20 th-century French sculptor.
The Castle Peak Power Station is the largest coal-fired power station in Hong Kong.
The Syndic is a 1953 science fiction novel by Cyril M. Kornbluth.
Notes From the Midnight Driver is a young adult novel by Jordan Sonnenblick.
__NOTOC__Tonga at the 1994 Commonwealth Games was abbreviated TGA.
Ida Carloni Talli ( 31 January 1860 23 April 1940 ) was an Italian film actress of the silent era.
The Silent World of Nicholas Quinn is a crime novel by Colin Dexter, the third novel in Inspector Morse series.
El Salvador participated in the 2015 Parapan American Games.
Jones P. Madeira is a journalist from Trinidad and Tobago.
A New Abolition is the first studio album The Wrecking.
Sweet & Sour Tears is a 1964 album by Ray Charles.
HMS Saracen was a Cherokee-class brig-sloop of the Royal Navy.
Ka Karoon Sajni Aye Na Baalam is a classical song of Hindustani classical music.
My Kind of Christmas is a 2000 Christmas album by Christina Aguilera.
Blade Runner 3 : Replicant Night is a science fiction novel by American writer K. W. Jeter published in 1996 .
George Cooke ( 22 January 1781 -- 27 February 1834 ) , was an English line engraver.
Versailles II: Testament of the King is a video game released in 2001 .
On the Verge of Destruction 1992 . 1 . 7 Tokyo Dome Live is a live album released by X Japan on January 1 , 1995 .
Gorgany is a mountain range in Western Ukraine in Outer Eastern Carpathians, adjacent to Chornohora range.
Flashes is a science fiction film by Amir Valinia.
Episodes in the TV series Sit Down, Shut Up
Navajo River is a tributary of the San Juan River.
1896 British Isles tour to South Africa was a rugby union tour undertaken by the British Isles, one of the first British and Irish Lions tours.
Hôtel de Charost is a hôtel particulier located at 39 rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré in Paris.
Farmhouses in Loosduinen near The Hague at Twilight is an oil painting created in 1883 by Vincent van Gogh.
Proston Weir is a weir located on Stuart River.
Albert Christiaan Wilhelm Beerman ( 29 January 1901 26 November 1967 ) was a Dutch politician.
Department of the Army Special Photographic Office ( DASPO ) was a unit of the United States Department of the Army from 1962 to 1974 .
Planescape: Torment is a role-playing video game developed by Black Isle Studios and published by Interplay Entertainment.
Library Literature and Information Science is a bibliographic database that indexes over 410 library and information science periodicals published internationally.
Juan Domingo Méndez de Haro y Fernández de Córdoba ( Madrid, 25 November 1640 Madrid, 2 February 1716 ) was a Spanish military and political figure.
Salyan Olympic Sport Complex Stadium is located in Salyan, Azerbaijan.
Moricsala Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in western Latvia ( Courland ) .
The Wind Cave National Park Administrative and Utility Area Historic District comprises the central portion of Wind Cave National Park in South Dakota.
Big Dark Love is the seventh studio album by the American rock band Murder by Death.
The Democratic Progressive Party was a political party in the South African bantustan of Transkei.
Main Event Live is collaborative live album by Herb Alpert and Hugh Masekela.
Connie Francis and The Kids Next Door is a studio album recorded by U.
The Thieving Hand is a 1908 American silent short film.
The South African National Defence Force ( SANDF ) comprises the armed forces of South Africa.
Norman Mosley Penzer ( 30 September 1892 -- 27 November 1960 ) -- known as N.
The Jahant AVA is an American Viticultural Area located within the Lodi AVA.
ARCHELON, the Sea Turtle Protection Society of Greece was founded in 1983 .
The Communist Party of Chile is a Chilean political party.
The India Meteorological Department ( IMD ) is an agency of the Ministry of Earth Sciences of the Government of India.
Clube Olímpico do Montijo is a Portuguese football club based in Montijo.
The Great Forest Park Balloon Race is an annual hot air balloon festival held in Forest Park in St. Louis, Missouri.
Two Roses and a Golden Rod is a 1969 film directed by Albert Zugsmith.
Excalibur is the ninth studio album by Grave Digger and is the final album of the Middle Ages Trilogy.
In a Space Outta Sound is the fifth studio album by Nightmares on Wax.
Deep Shadows and Brilliant Highlights is the third studio album by Finnish gothic rock band HIM.
In the Path of the Storm is the sixth book of The Animals of Farthing Wood series.
István Mészáros ( 19 December 1930 -- 1 October 2017 ) was a Hungarian Marxist philosopher.
The Vermont Agency of Commerce and Community Development is a Vermont state agency.
Four Centuries of Modern Iraq is a historic book authored by Stephen Hemsley Longrigg published first time in United Kingdom on 1925 .
The  1949 Fresno State Bulldogs football team represented Fresno State College during the 1949 college football season.
Stations on the IRT White Plains Road Line of the New York City Subway.
The Cater Street Hangman is a crime novel by Anne Perry.
The Together Forever Tour was a 1987 concert tour by Run-D.M.C.
Sri Darma Muneeswaran Temple is a Hindu temple in Serangoon North, Singapore.
Isaac Luck ( 12 May 1817 -- 15 December 1881 ) was a New Zealand architect.
Matthias of Trakai or of Vilnius ( ca.
The  1994  Fort Worth Cavalry season was the first and only season for the Arena Football League franchise.
The Ohio Army National Guard is a part of the Ohio National Guard and the Army National Guard of the United States Army.
The West Babylon Union Free School District is a school district in Long Island, New York.
Puri Jagannadh Touring Talkies  is an Indian film production company established by Tollywood director Puri Jagannadh.
The Major and the Minor is a 1942 American comedy film starring Ginger Rogers and Ray Milland.
Dead City Radio and the New Gods of Supertown is the first single from Venomous Rat Regeneration Vendor, the fifth studio album by recording artist Rob Zombie.
The Ernesto de la Cárcova Museum of Reproductions and Comparative Sculpture is located in the Puerto Madero ward of Buenos Aires, and is administered by the National University of Arts.
Pierre Cullaz ( 21 July 1935 -- 1 January 2014 ) was a French jazz guitarist and cellist.
Reaper: Tale of a Pale Swordsman is a video game developed by Czech-based studio Hexage.
Koundi et le jeudi national is a 2010 documentary film.
Vesper Peak is a peak along the Mountain Loop Highway region of the North Cascades of Washington state.
Chris Ratay and Erin Doherty-Ratay are American long-distance motorcyclists.
The  2019 Hungarian Ladies Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.
John Flack ( born 3 January 1957 ) is a British Conservative Party politician.
FC Frederick is an association football team playing in the NPSL ( National Premier Soccer League ) .
The Mating of Marcella is a lost 1918 American drama silent film directed by Roy William Neill, and written by Joseph F. Poland and R. Cecil Smith.
Arturo Dizon Brion ( born December 29 , 1946 ) is a former Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines.
The Chikara Grand Championship is a professional wrestling championship owned by the Chikara promotion.
Anton Julius Carlson ( January 29 , 1875 -- September 2 , 1956 ) was a Swedish American physiologist.
The Living Playing Cards is a 1905 French short silent film directed by Georges Méliès.
Henry Bowet ( died 20 October 1423 ) was both Bishop of Bath and Wells and Archbishop of York.
Nordic combined at the 2014 Winter Olympics was held at the RusSki Gorki Jumping Center.
Brian Park is a Scottish television producer and executive.
Greater London is a ceremonial county of England that forms the London region.
Forbidden Songs is the first studio album by the Belgian melodic death metal band Anwynn.
Jutland Shinboners is an Australian rules football team in Denmark.
The Swining/Red Raw & Sore ( 1999 ) is an album by Raymond Watts ( PIG ) .
Hurricane Lili was a moderate tropical cyclone of the 1990 Atlantic hurricane season.
Midst Toil and Tribulation is a science fiction novel by American writer David Weber.
George Lillo ( 3 February 1691 -- 4 September 1739 ) was an English playwright and tragedian.
Straight Down to Business is the fourth studio album by American group Ready for the World.
The Trials and Tribulations of Russell Jones is a compilation album by Ol' Dirty Bastard, released in 2002 .
Fernando Álvarez de Sotomayor y Zaragoza ( September 25 , 1875 -- March 17 , 1960 ) was a Galician ( Spanish ) painter.
Warruwi is a town located in the Arnhem Land region in the Northern Territory of Australia.
James Thomas Humberstone ( 8 July 1850 -- 12 June 1939 ) was an English chemical engineer.
Black v The Queen is a decision of the High Court of Australia.
The Joy of Nelly Deane is a short story by American writer Willa Cather.
Three Chords and a Cloud of Dust II is a live album by Watershed.
Los Angeles is an unincorporated community in La Salle County, Texas.
When Giants Walked the Earth: A Biography of Led Zeppelin is a book written by Mick Wall, published in 2008 .
Jazz Impressions of the U.S.A. is a studio album by Dave Brubeck Quartet.
Charles W. Hutchison ( February 26 , 1865 -- July 8 , 1945 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.
The geographic center of the contiguous United States is the center of 48 U.S. states.
Registered Historic Places in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, a United States territory.
Live Frogs Set 1  is a live album by Colonel Les Claypool's Fearless Flying Frog Brigade, released by Prawn Song Records on 10 April 2001 .
Manning School of Business is the business school at the University of Massachusetts Lowell located in Lowell, Massachusetts.
Graham Michael Glasgow ( born August 19 , 1992 ) is an American football guard for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
The War Machine is a science fiction novel by Roger MacBride Allen and David Drake.
Henri Barabant ( 9 November 1874 , Vougeot -- 11 September 1951 ) was a French politician.
Lieutenant General Joseph Henry Smith ( born 9 January 1945 ) is the Ambassador of Ghana to the United States.
The Legitimacy Act 1959  was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
The Citadel Bulldogs rifle represents The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina in rifle.
Jill Dann is a Chartered Fellow of the British Computer Society.
Unsane, Insane and Mentally Deranged is the debut album by Murder Squad.
Kurdistan Socialist Democratic Party is a political party in Kurdistan Region.
William Spankie ( 17 October 1859 27 May 1934 ) was a Conservative member of the House of Commons of Canada.
The Dubai World Trade Centre Residence is a 41 -floor tower in the Dubai International Convention Centre in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Piloten, Propeller und Turbinen is an East German film.
The Battle of Lookout Mountain was fought November 24 , 1863 , as part of the Chattanooga Campaign of the American Civil War.
Games People Play: The Psychology of Human Relationships is a bestselling 1964 book by psychiatrist Eric Berne.
WEGA -- Die Spezialeinheit der Polizei  is an Austrian television series.
The Battle of the Jabara Valley occurred between 26 and 29 August 2019 , during the Second Yemeni Civil War.
Ait Siberne is a commune in the Khémisset Province of the Rabat-Salé-Kénitra administrative region of Morocco.
Georg Aenotheus Koch ( 15 November 1802 , Drebach 9 July 1879 , Leipzig ) was a German classical philologist and lexicographer.
IERS refers to International Earth Rotation and Reference Systems Service.
Jane White Cooke ( January 10 , 1913 -- May 8 , 2011 ) was an American portrait painter.
The  68 th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Dreams to Remember: The Otis Redding Anthology is a 1998 compilation album by American soul singer-songwriter Otis Redding.
The Amazing Truth About Queen Raquela is a 2008 drama film directed by Olaf de Fleur Johannesson.
The MTV Europe Music Award for Best Song is the main award of the MTV Europe Music Awards.
Hannah Montana: The Movie is the soundtrack for the film of the same name.
Tanika Sarkar is a historian of modern India based at the Jawaharlal Nehru University.
Just a Walk in the Park is a television film starring George Eads and Jane Krakowski.
The Lake Placid Olympic Sports Complex Cross Country Biathlon Center is a venue located in the Lake Placid Olympic Sports Complex at Lake Placid, New York.
St Pancras Hospital is part of the Camden and Islington NHS Foundation Trust in the St Pancras / Somers Town area of central London, near Camden Town.
Nels Andersen ( January 15 , 1891 -- May 4 , 1961 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
The East Greenbush Central School District is a public school district located in East Greenbush, New York.
Big Manitou Falls is a waterfall on the Black River, a tributary of the Nemadji River.
Saudi Arabia competed at the  2009 World Championships in Athletics in Berlin from 15 -- 23 August 2009 .
Tales from the Vienna Woods is a waltz by Johann Strauss II.
The Athletics Federation of Guinea-Bissau ( FAGB Federação de Atletismo da Guiné-Bissau ) is the governing body for the sport of athletics in Guinea-Bissau.
Hope Floats: Music From the Motion Picture is the soundtrack to the 1998 film Hope Floats.
The  2019 Allied Steel Buildings 200  was a NASCAR Xfinity Series race held on May 4 , 2019 , at Dover International Speedway in Dover, Delaware.
Augustine Pulu ( born 4 January 1990 ) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer.
The First Battle of Beruna is a fictional battle in C. S. Lewis' fantasy series The Chronicles of Narnia.
West Independent School District is a school district based in West, Texas United States.
CH Casco Viejo Bilbao was an ice hockey team in Bilbao, Spain.
Brick by Brick: A Civil Rights Story is a 2007 documentary film, produced and directed by Bill Kavanagh.
Dinorah Enríquez ( 19 January 1947 14 March 1998 ) was a Puerto Rican fencer.
All India Tribes and Minorities Front is a political party in the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh.
Golden Eagles FC was a Statia association football club based in Oranjestad.
The  2019 IAAF World Cross Country Championships were hosted in the city of Aarhus in Denmark.
Robert Munz ( January 28 , 1942 -- February 9 , 2010 ) was an American ice dancer.
Green Springs Elementary School is the name of two elementary schools in the United States.
Haskell Indian Nations Fighting Indians represent Haskell Indian Nations University in Lawrence, Kansas.
The  1963 NSWRFL season was the 56 th season of the New South Wales Rugby Football League premiership based in Sydney.
The Fifty Year Sword is a novella written by Mark Z. Danielewski.
Diane Pappas is a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives for the 45 th district.
Franco Pian ( 16 February 1922 -- 18 January 2019 ) was an Italian professional football player.
The New Dictionary of Modern Finnish ( Finnish: Kielitoimiston sanakirja ) is the most recent dictionary of the modern Finnish language.
The Parliament of Cameroon is the legislature of Cameroon.
The Grammy Award for Best Compilation Soundtrack for Visual Media has been awarded since 2000 .
Kelly Tung Kin-lei is a Hong Kong politician associated with the pro-Beijing Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong.
Wheelchair basketball at the  1968 Summer Paralympics consisted of men's and women's team events.
Simple Songs of Freedom: The Tim Hardin Collection is a compilation album by folk artist Tim Hardin, released in 1996 .
Notre Dame of Maryland University is a private Catholic university in Baltimore, Maryland.
One Day Savior Recordings is an independent record label founded in 1999 .
Cathleen Kaveny is an American legal scholar and theologian.
Mega Man: The Wily Wars is a video game compilation by Capcom for the Sega Genesis.
Andy Kanavan was an English classical musician and multi-instrumentalist.
In Humor and Sadness is the first full-length studio album by ' 68 .
Ghost Trucker plays alternative rock music with electronic flourishes.
Trance Nation -- Mixed by Above & Beyond is a compilation album in the famous Trance Nation compilation series released by Ministry of Sound.
Apparatus and Hand is a 1927 painting by Salvador Dalí.
The Georges Henri premetro station is part of the Brussels Metro system.
Assassin's Creed Odyssey is an action role-playing video game developed by Ubisoft Quebec and published by Ubisoft.
The  2017 Texas-Permian Basin Falcons football team represented University of Texas of the Permian Basin in the 2017 NCAA Division II football season.
Winnie the Pooh is a media franchise based on A.
William Barry Grove ( January 15 , 1764 -- March 30 , 1818 ) was a Federalist U.S.
Pennsylvania Diners & Other Roadside Restaurants is a 1993 documentary created by Rick Sebak.
Sonic Runners Adventure is an endless runner platform game published by Gameloft for Android and Java-based mobile phones.
Lucjan Roman Lis ( 8 August 1950 26 January 2015 ) was a Polish cyclist.
Code Red II is a computer worm similar to the Code Red worm.
Ukraine participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2013  in Kiev, Ukraine.
The Ohio Republican Party is the Ohio state affiliate of the United States Republican Party.
The Widow Ranter, or, The History of Bacon in Virginia is a tragicomic play written by Aphra Behn and first performed posthumously in 1689 .
Dyersburg State Community College is a community college in Dyersburg, Tennessee.
Khandowa is a town in a Kallar Kahar Tehsil of Chakwal District.
The End is a live album by Crack the Sky.
The Simple Truth is a crime novel written by David Baldacci.
David A. Williams is the president and chief executive officer of the Make-A-Wish Foundation.
The arrondissement of Confolens is an arrondissement of France in the Charente department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region.
Elwha Rock is a submerged rock in Puget Sound.
The King Edward VII Jewish Memorial Drinking Fountain is a drinking fountain on the Whitechapel Road in the East End of London.
Nasser Al-Johar is a Saudi Arabian association football player turned coach.
Paul Jan Veenemans ( 21 January 1947 -- 6 February 1973 ) was a Dutch rower.
The New Georgia Islands are part of the Western Province of Solomon Islands.
An Nhơn is a district-level town of Bình Định Province in the South Central Coast region of Vietnam.
Gulating Court of Appeal is a Norwegian Court of Appeal.
Seven Golden Men Strike Again is a film directed by Marco Vicario.
Strictly Come Dancing returned for its third series on 15 October 2005 and ended on 17 December 2005 .
Castle of the Living Dead is a 1964 horror film directed by Warren Kiefer.
Inside the Head of... Mr. Atom is a Man or Astro-man?
How to Cook and Eat in Chinese is a cookbook and introduction to Chinese cuisine and food culture by Buwei Yang Chao.
The World Is My Enemy Now is the third studio album by American metal band Upon a Burning Body.
József Darányi ( 28 September 1905 in Devecser -- 23 December 1990 in Veresegyház ) was a Hungarian shot putter who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics, in the 1932 Summer Olympics, and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
More Songs for Dreamsleepers and The Very Awake is a studio album by Christians & Lions.
Hallway of the Gods is 1997 album by The Legendary Pink Dots.
Kenny Loggins Alive is a live album by soft rock singer, Kenny Loggins.
The Best of Holly Cole is a compilation album by Holly Cole.
Law & Order: Dead on the Money is the first in a series of video games based on the television series Law & Order.
The Croatian First League of Water Polo is the top water polo league in Croatia.
The IIFA Award for Best Choreography is a technical award chosen ahead of the main International Indian Film Academy Awards ceremonies.
Seongsan, Changwon is a constituency of the National Assembly of South Korea.
Batman Forever is a 1995 film in the Batman film series.
Admiral of the Fleet Sir David Benjamin Bathurst ( born 27 May 1936 ) is a former Royal Navy officer.
Félix Grimonprez ( June 30 , 1910 May 26 , 1940 ) was a French field hockey player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
The Sinsinawa River is a tributary of the Mississippi River.
Straight from the Heart is a compilation album by David Houston and Tammy Wynette.
The Awarua River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand.
Jovuan van Wyngaardt ( born 13 January 1993 ) is a South African cricketer.
The Guam Department of Mental Health and Substance Abuse ( DMHSA ) is a government agency of Guam.
The  1988 Western Michigan Broncos football team was an American football team that represented Western Michigan University during the 1988 NCAA Division I-A football season.
Kevin Lamont Peterson ( born March 22 , 1994 ) is an American football cornerback for the Arizona Cardinals of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
ETF Ride Systems is a Dutch manufacturer of amusement ride systems.
And the Hippos Were Boiled in Their Tanks is a novel by Jack Kerouac and William S. Burroughs.
Commonwealth Games: Melbourne 2006 Closing Ceremony features the official music from the 2006 Commonwealth Games closing ceremony on 26 March 2006 .
Eagles Super Strikers FC are a Grenadian football club based in Sauteurs.
Rhysently Granted were a musical comedy duo consisting of New Zealand comedians Rhys Darby and Grant Lobban.
Nadim Souaid ( born 20 August 1986 ) is a Lebanese basketball player with Hekmeh BC of the Lebanese Basketball League.
Peristeri metro station is a station of Athens Metro Line 2  since the Anthoupoli extension opened on 6 April 2013 .
Avernum: Escape from the Pit is a single-player role-playing video game developed by Spiderweb Software.
Kings–Tulare Regional Station is a proposed California High-Speed Rail station serving Kings County and Tulare County, California.
See You All In Hell is the sixth extended play by post-hardcore band Funeral for a Friend.
The  1905 Wabash Little Giants football team represented Wabash College during the 1905 college football season.
Belarus used the postage stamps of the Soviet Union from 1917 to 1991 .
Ernest Helmut Sanders ( 4 December 1918 -- 13 January 2018 ) was a German-born American musicologist.
The Alabama City Wall Street Historic District is a historic district in Gadsden, Alabama.
The South Ossetian Autonomous Oblast was an autonomous oblast of the Soviet Union created within the Georgian SSR on April 20 , 1922 .
The Alliance for Democracy and Progress ( ADP ) is a political party in the Central African Republic.
Citizens and Southern National Bank of South Carolina is a building on 50 Broad St., Charleston, South Carolina.
Vila Velha State Park is a state park in Paraná State, Brazil.
Archie Alleyne ( January 7 , 1933 -- June 8 , 2015 ) was a Canadian jazz drummer.
George T. Ross is a former member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives for the 2 nd Bristol district.
The Legend of Three Kingdoms is a video game series originally developed by OdinSoft, later by UserJoy Technology.
Harold Livingstone Tapley ( 25 January 1875 -- 21 December 1932 ) was a New Zealand politician of the Reform Party.
The London Post Office Railway  1927 Stock was built by English Electric in 1927 .
Seven Seas Explorer is a cruise ship built by Fincantieri of Italy for Regent Seven Seas Cruises.
The Harbours, Docks and Piers Clauses Act 1847  is an Act of Parliament of the United Kingdom which governs harbours, docks and piers.
A Low Life Mythology is a 2011 film directed by Lior Shamriz and starring Nina Fog and Johannes Hendrik Langer.
Holy Trinity Church, Boltby is a parish church in the Church of England in Boltby.
Gino Cassinis ( 27 January 1885 -- 13 January 1964 ) was an Italian Democratic Socialist Party politician.
Lean on Me is the first extended play from Consumed by Fire.
The Old Church of St. Joachim and St. Anne is an historic Roman Catholic church building located in the Pleasant Plains area of Staten Island in New York City.
Pine Le Moray Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.
Terra X: Schliemanns Erben is a German television series.
Wizardry: Labyrinth of Lost Souls is a video game developed by Acquire and published by Xseed Games for the PlayStation 3 , PlayStation Vita and iOS.
A Kid in King Arthur's Court is a 1995 fantasy film directed by Michael Gottlieb and released by Walt Disney Pictures.
Dios, rey y patria was a motto of Carlism.
George Loveridge ( 15 October 1890 -- 28 November 1970 ) was a New Zealand rugby union player.
Charleston Navy Yard Officers' Quarters Historic District is a national historic district located at the former Charleston Naval Shipyard in North Charleston, South Carolina.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Victoria in Texas is a Roman Catholic diocese in Victoria, Texas.
Live From the Relapse Contamination Festival is a live album by High on Fire.
George Engebretson ( June 3 , 1890 -- November 19 , 1961 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate.
Rugby Union of Russia is the governing body for rugby union in Russia.
The University of Maryland School of Dentistry is the dental school of the University System of Maryland.
Anantapur Urban Assembly constituency is a constituency of the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly, India.
The Lovers is a 1984 live album by The Legendary Pink Dots.
An Evening with Harry Belafonte and Friends is a live album by Harry Belafonte, released in 1997 .
ACCC v Cabcharge Australia Ltd is a 2010 decision of the Federal Court of Australia brought by the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission ( ACCC ) against Cabcharge Australia Ltd.
Northern High School was a high school in the Baltimore City Public Schools system.
Keynes: The Return of the Master is a 2009 book by economic historian Robert Skidelsky.
North Valmy Generating Station is a coal-fired power station located near Valmy, Nevada.
Secrets of a Hollywood Super Madam is an autobiography written by Jody Gibson.
Playlist: The Very Best of Our Lady Peace is a compilation album consisting of select remastered recordings by alternative rock band Our Lady Peace.
The Montana Library Association is the state library association of Montana.
Ras Baalbek is a village in the northern Beqaa Valley in Lebanon.
The GUIDON is the official student newspaper of the Ateneo de Manila University.
The Blizard Building is a building in Whitechapel in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.
Otaki railway station is a station on the North Island Main Trunk railway line serving Otaki in the Kapiti Coast District of New Zealand.
The Australian Film Institute Award for Best Screenplay, Original or Adapted is an award in the annual Australian Film Institute Awards.
The Test is a novel by Mary Tappan Wright.
Fernando Díaz de Mendoza y Guerrero ( 5 March 1897 -- 27 September 1942 ) was a Spanish actor.
Ankhon Mein Tum Ho is a  1997 film directed by Ashim Samanta and produced by Shakti Samanta.
The Sky Is Falling is a short novel by American writer Lester del Rey.
The Heart of the Park is a short story written by Flannery O'Connor.
Lucila Gamero de Medina ( 12 June 1873 -- 23 January 1964 ) was a Honduran romantic novelist.
Emily Hurtz ( born 2 January 1990 ) is an Australian field hockey player.
Wolf, Bär & Co is a German television series.
Max Lee ( born January 9 , 1988 in Hong Kong ) is a professional squash player who represents Hong Kong.
Spillett is a division of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly in Australia.
The Ministry of Interior is the interior ministry of Syria.
Children of the World is a 1976 album by the Bee Gees.
My So-Called Life is a 1990 s U.S. television series.
The Cost of Hatred is a 1917 American drama silent film directed by George Melford and written by Beulah Marie Dix.
Hard to Be a Rock'n Roller is the first album by the Norwegian rock band Wig Wam.
The National Commission for State Regulation of Energy and Public Utilities is the state collegial body subordinated to the President of Ukraine and accountable to the Parliament of Ukraine.
Dimitrios Drivas was a Greek swimmer best known for competing at the 1896 Summer Olympics in Athens.
A Nation on Trial: The Goldhagen Thesis and Historical Truth is a 1998 book by Norman Finkelstein and Ruth Bettina Birn.
The Hands Resist Him is a painting created by artist Bill Stoneham in 1972 .
The Indigenous Nationalist Party of Twipra is a political party in the Indian state of Tripura.
The  1984 USFL season was the second season of the United States Football League.
The Indonesian Workers and Employers Party is a political party in Indonesia.
Victor Mercea ( 2 January 1924 -- 29 June 1987 ) was a Romanian nuclear physicist.
Bangladesh Bank Colony High School is a secondary school in Chittagong, Bangladesh.
Canciones Para Un Paraíso En Vivo is the fourth live album by Spanish singer-songwriter Alejandro Sanz.
Kipps or Kipps: The Story of a Simple Soul is a 1905 novel by H. G. Wells.
A Woman Playing the Theorbo-Lute and a Cavalier is a mid 17 th century painting by Dutch artist Gerard ter Borch the Younger.
Journey to the End of the Night is the 13 th studio album by The Mekons.
Warren Keith Urbom ( December 17 , 1925 -- July 28 , 2017 ) was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Nebraska.
"Making Love in the Rain" is the third single by Herb Alpert from his Keep Your Eye on Me album.
Michel Crauste ( 6 July 1934 -- 2 May 2019 ) was a French international rugby union player.
The  2009 BNP Paribas Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.
Lex Lutzus is a British film producer and financier.
The  1872 North Cascades earthquake occurred at in central Washington state.
Trinity Western University v British Columbia College of Teachers, 2001 1 S.C.R.
In a New World of Time is a 1986 album by rock band Adam Again, released on Blue Collar Records.
The Days In Between is the eighth studio album by Blue Rodeo.
Rabbit Hole is a play written by David Lindsay-Abaire.
The Living Buddha is a 1927 novel by the French writer Paul Morand.
The Russian Caucasus Army of World War I was the Russian field army that fought in the Caucasus Campaign and Persian Campaign of World War I.
In Honor: A Compilation to Beat Cancer is a compilation album released by Vagrant Records in 2004 .
Basti Rahman railway station  is located in Pakistan.
Joseph Compton Castner ( November 18 , 1869 -- July 8 , 1946 ) was a United States Army general.
Francisco Lerma Martínez ( 4 May 1944 24 April 2019 ) was a Mozambican Roman catholic bishop.
Sarasammana Samadhi is a Kannada novel written by K. Shivaram Karanth.
World of Outlaws: Sprint Cars is a racing video game for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 .
Short track speed skating at the 2011 Asian Winter Games was held at Saryarka Velodrome in Astana, Kazakhstan.
Native American tribes in the U.S. state of West Virginia.
Ganseok Station is a station on Seoul Metropolitan Subway Line 1 and Gyeongin Line.
Edmundo Madarang Abaya ( 19 January 1929 -- 20 September 2018 ) was a Filipino Roman Catholic archbishop.
Patio from the Castle of Vélez Blanco is a 1510 s marble patio an example of Spanish Renaissance architecture.
The Quad City Mallards were a professional ice hockey team competing in the United Hockey League.
The Malawi Forum for Unity and Development is a political party in Malawi.
One Click: Jeff Bezos and the Rise of Amazon.com is a book by Richard L. Brandt.
No One but You is the first extended play from Natasha Owens.
Saadia is a 1953 adventure film directed by Albert Lewin and starring Mel Ferrer and Cornel Wilde.
Prince of Persia: The Two Thrones is an action-adventure video game developed and published by Ubisoft Montreal.
+Type 072 III-class landing shipHaiyang Shan is a Type 072 III-class landing ship of the East Sea Fleet of the People's Liberation Army Navy.
Kenneth W. Ruffing is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
Ram Rai Pur is a village in Shahid Bhagat Singh Nagar.
The Man with the Golden Soles is a Syrian documentary film by the director Omar Amiralay.
Adhemar da Silva de Oliveira Rocha ( 2 July 1908 , Valença, Rio de Janeiro -- 14 November 1975 , Rio de Janeiro ) was a Brazilian chess player.
The National Assembly of Soviets ( TOGY ) was the legislature of the Hungarian Soviet Republic.
Dead Timber State Recreation Area is a Nebraska state park in Dodge County, Nebraska in the United States.
Odor of the Day is a 1948 animated short in the Looney Tunes series starring Pepé Le Pew.
Flaxy Martin is a 1949 film noir directed by Richard L. Bare.
Boguchany Airport is a small airport in Russia located in Boguchany.
Het is een schone dag geweest  is a  1993  Dutch documentary film directed by Jos de Putter.
The Best of Sophie B. Hawkins is a 2003 compilation album by Sophie B. Hawkins.
The War of the End of the World is a  1981  novel written by Peruvian novelist Mario Vargas Llosa.
Stella and Charles Guttman Community College is a public community college in New York City.
Utah State Route 158  is a state highway in the U.S. state of Utah.
The Arkansas–Pine Bluff Lady Golden Lions basketball team is the women's basketball team that represents the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff in Pine Bluff, Arkansas.
Mulla Makhan railway station  is located in Pakistan.
Young Mac of Fort Vancouver is a children's historical novel by Mary Jane Carr.
John Burt ( 15 April 1877 -- 29 April 1935 ) was a Scottish field hockey player.
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas is a 1971 novel by Hunter S. Thompson.
The Civil Aviation Authority ( CAA-CZ ) is the civil aviation authority of the Czech Republic.
ISS International School ( ISS )  in Singapore was founded in 1981 .
Monika Maštalířová ( born 22 January 1977 ) is a Czech former professional tennis player.
Thomas Holtzmann ( 1 April 1927 -- 4 January 2013 ) was a German stage and film actor.
A Little Light Left is the seventh studio album by Out of the Grey, released on December 4 , 2015 .
The Ministry of Tertiary Education Research, Science and Technology is a government ministry of Botswana.
Pacific Yearly Meeting is an unaffiliated yearly meeting of the Religious Society of Friends or Quakers.
The Royal Northumberland Fusiliers was an infantry regiment of the British Army.
The Happiest Girl in the World is a 2009 Romanian film by Radu Jude.
Butler Machine Tool Co Ltd v Ex-Cell-O Corp Ltd 1977 EWCA Civ 9 is a leading English contract law case.
This is Emily Yeung is a 2006 Canadian children's television series created by J.J. Johnson and Blair Powers.
Claire Adams ( 24 September 1898 -- 25 September 1978 ) was a silent film actress and benefactor.
Sir Wadsworth Busk ( 3 January 1730 15 December 1811 ) was Attorney-General of the Isle of Man from 1774 to 1797 .
Once Upon a Summertime is an album by Blossom Dearie.
John Óge Lynch fitz Stephen, Mayor of Galway 1552 -- 53 .
Title 21 of the United States Code governs Food and Drugs in the United States Code ( U.S.C. ) .
Ina Meschik ( born 25 September 1990 in Sankt Veit an der Glan ) is an Austrian alpine snowboarder.
Alicia L. Hyndman is the Assembly member for the 29 th District of the New York State Assembly.
Umoja: The Village Where Men Are Forbidden is a French documentary film about the Kenyan village Umoja.
The Grammy Award for Best Classical Vocal Solo has been awarded since 1959 .
Triangle is the fourth studio album by American rock band The Beau Brummels.
Lucius Novius Crispinus Martialis Saturninus was a Roman senator of the second century.
Kaarlo Bergbom ( 2 October 1843 , Viipuri 17 January 1906 ) was a Finnish theatre director.
The Virginia Department of Behavioral Health and Developmental Services ( DBHDS ) is a state agency of the Commonwealth of Virginia.
The Legend of Dick and Dom was a CBBC  show starring Dick and Dom.
Finland competed at the inaugural Summer Paralympic Games in 1960  in Rome.
The Assassin of the Tsar is a 1991 Soviet drama film, starring Malcolm McDowell and Oleg Yankovsky.
Clarendon County School District 2  is located in Clarendon County, South Carolina.
Buffalo Creek is an tributary of the Des Plaines River.
The Bees Made Honey in the Lion's Skull is the fifth full-length studio album by the band Earth.
The Last of the Crazy People is the first novel of Canadian author Timothy Findley.
The Glasgow St Enoch rail accident occurred on 27 July 1903 .
The Women's 15 kilometre individual biathlon competition of the Sochi 2014 Olympics was held at Laura Biathlon & Ski Complex on 14 February 2014 .
Marriage on the Rocks/Rock Bottom is the fourth album by The Amboy Dukes, released in 1970 .
Canoeing competitions at the Beijing 2008 Summer Olympics were held from August 11 to August 23 at the Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park in Beijing.
Gare Habib Bourguiba Monastir is the main railway station in Monastir, Tunisia.
Count Friedrich Ferdinand von Beust ( 13 January 1809 -- 24 October 1886 ) was a German and Austrian statesman.
Rock & Roll Is Dead is the sixth studio album released by the Swedish rock band The Hellacopters.
Shake Hands with the Devil: The Journey of Roméo Dallaire is a 2004 documentary film about the 1994 genocide in Rwanda.
The United States House Committee on Commerce and Manufactures was a standing committee of the U.S.
The  1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens was a major volcanic eruption.
Mujhe Chaand Chahiye is a television series that aired on Zee TV channel.
QSI International School of Sarajevo is an international school in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Toms River: A Story of Science and Salvation is a 2013 non-fiction book by the American author Dan Fagin.
Nevado de Chañi is a mountain in the Andes of the Jujuy Province in Argentina.
The Realization of a Negro's Ambition is a 1916 American silent short film that is now lost.
The Musée Charles et Marguerithe Bieth is a museum located in Ivory Coast.
Rabale is a railway station on the Harbour line of the Mumbai Suburban Railway network.
Citizen USA: A 50 State Road Trip is an HBO documentary film directed by Alexandra Pelosi.
"Pilot" is the pilot episode of the CW television series The Secret Circle and the first episode of the show overall.
The Oklahoma Commissioners of the Land Office is an agency of the government of Oklahoma.
Gregg Rudloff ( November 2 , 1955 -- January 6 , 2019 ) was an American re-recording mixer.
Mayor Luis Jorge Fontana is a southern department of Chaco Province in Argentina.
Going Home is a 1971 drama film directed by Herbert B. Leonard.
Mind Bender is a steel roller coaster located at Six Flags Over Georgia near Atlanta Georgia.
The British School of Gran Canaria is a British international school on Gran Canaria in Spain.
From the End of Your Leash is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Bobby Bare Jr.
The  2000 British Formula Three season was the 50 th British Formula Three Championship season.
"Do Not Stand at My Grave and Weep" is a poem written in 1932 by Mary Elizabeth Frye.
Tupton Hall School is a secondary school in Chesterfield.
Mental Floss for the Globe is the debut album by Dutch band Urban Dance Squad.
3 Days in Quiberon is a 2018 drama film directed by Emily Atef.
Little Goose National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge in Grand Forks County, North Dakota.
David Sudarsky is an astrophysicist at the University of Arizona.
Jurassic World: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the film score to Jurassic World composed by Michael Giacchino.
They Could Still Serve is a painting by Ellen Gallagher.
The Chamber of Deputies is the lower house of the Parliament of Equatorial Guinea.
The Meaning of Everything is a 2003 book by Simon Winchester.
The  2002 Canada Masters and the Rogers AT&T Cup were tennis tournaments played on outdoor hard courts.
Atula Maha Dhamma Dewi was the chief queen consort of King Uzana I of Pinya.
Princess Hermine of Waldeck and Pyrmont ( born: 29 September 1827 died: 16 February 1910 ) was a German princess.
MS BASIC for Macintosh was a dialect of Microsoft BASIC for Macintosh.
Stour and Copperas Woods, Ramsey is a 77 . 1 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest between Wrabness and Ramsey in Essex.
The Hague Judgments Convention, formally the Convention of 2 July 2019 on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Judgments in Civil or Commercial Matters is an international treaty concluded within the Hague Conference on Private International Law.
Tsybuliv is an urban-type settlement in central Ukraine.
Shake, Rattle and Roll: An American Love Story is a TV miniseries that aired on CBS on November 7 and November 10 , 1999 .
Doctor Habib-o-llah Metro Station is a station of Tehran Metro Line 4 .
FK Tukums 2000  is Latvian football club located in Tukums.
Kerry Drue is the former Attorney General of the United States Virgin Islands.
Charles Palmer was Governor of the Bank of England from 1754 to 1756 .
Hurricane Relief: Come Together Now is a 2005 two-disc compilation album.
Front Elevation for a Monument to the Unknown Soldier is a painting by Antonio Sciortino, from 1917 .
Come on Danger is a 1942 Western film directed by Edward Killy.
Mount Sir Allan MacNab is a mountain located in the Premier Range of British Columbia, Canada.
Sylvania Southview High School is a public high school in Sylvania, Ohio.
Serra da Nasce Água is a mountain in the Azores.
Topeka Bridge & Iron Co. was a bridge company.
The Journal of the Society for American Music is a peer-reviewed academic journal and the official journal of the Society for American Music.
The Kansas City Air Defense Sector ( KCADS ) is an inactive United States Air Force organization.
From Dreams or Angels is an album by Abney Park.
The Netherlands Antilles Tennis Federation,abbreviated NATF, was the governing body of tennis in the Netherlands Antilles.
Russian United Labour Front is a communist party in Russia.
Skull & Keys is a men's honor society at the University of California, Berkeley.
The Altos de Nsork National Park is found in Equatorial Guinea.
The Pomona Valley is located in the Greater Los Angeles Area between the San Gabriel Valley and San Bernardino Valley in Southern California.
Mauro Baccelli ( 19 May 1980 -- 27 April 2008 ) was an Italian lightweight rower.
Cass Scenic Railroad State Park is a state park located in Cass, Pocahontas County, West Virginia.
Now Do U Wanta Dance is fifth album by Graham Central Station.
When You Hear Lou, You've Heard It All is a 1977 album by American R&B singer Lou Rawls, released on the Philadelphia International Records label.
Seke District is a district of the Province Mashonaland East in Zimbabwe.
Ciphers and Constellations in Love with a Woman is a painting by Joan Miró created in 1941 .
The Eyes of Heisenberg is a 1966 science fiction novel by American writer Frank Herbert.
Horatio N. Davis was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate.
Jessica M. Feldmark is a Democratic member of the Maryland House of Delegates.
Mary Beck Briscoe ( born April 4 , 1947 ) is a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit.
Reese and the Smooth Ones is a 1969 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded in Paris for the French BYG Actuel label.
Rich Love, Poor Love is a collaboration album between Syreeta and G.C.
Norbert Beuls ( 13 January 1957 -- 19 February 2014 ) was a Belgian footballer and football manager.
Aleksander Petrovich Reza Qoli Mirza Qajar ( May 25 , 1869 -? )
One Big Family is an American sitcom television series.
The Onion Portage Archeological District encompasses a major archaeological site in Kobuk Valley National Park in northwestern Alaska.
Victory Through Air Power is a 1942 non-fiction book by Alexander P. de Seversky.
Microsoft International Soccer 2000  is a sports game developed by Rage Software and published by Microsoft.
Sings Reign Rebuilder is the debut album of the Canadian band Set Fire to Flames.
Schwadorf is an Austrian market town in the Bruck an der Leitha district.
The University of Cantabria School of Civil Engineering is an engineering school of the University of Cantabria.
Hippodrome of Tor di Valle was an important horse racing venue in the city of Rome.
Kirti Nidhi Bista ( 15 January 1927 -- 11 November 2017 ) was a Nepali politician.
The Prince Who Was a Thief is a 1951 swashbuckler film starring Tony Curtis.
More Noise and Other Disturbances is the second studio album by The Mighty Mighty Bosstones.
Eduard Derzsei ( 27 October 1934 21 May 2015 ) was a Romanian volleyball player.
On the Fly is an American reality documentary television series on TLC.
Lia Parolari is an Italian artistic gymnast who represented Italy at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
The  1964 Tampa Spartans football team represented the University of Tampa in the 1964 college football season.
Nieder- and Oberurnen railway station is a railway station in the municipality of Glarus Nord in the Swiss canton of Glarus.
Tyler Allen Sheehan is a former American football quarterback.
Going Way Out with Heavy Trash is the second album by Heavy Trash, released in  2007 .
The  2014 -- 15 UEFA Europa League qualifying phase and play-off round were played from 1 July to 28 August 2014 .
Nibanga Nendi is of one of the Reef Islands located in Temotu Province of the independent nation of the Solomon Islands.
Sister, Sister is an American television sitcom starring identical twins Tia and Tamera Mowry.
From a Native Son: Selected Essays on Indigenism, 1985 -- 1995  is a 1996 book by Ward Churchill.
Galactic Civilizations II: Dark Avatar is the first expansion pack to the turn-based strategy game Galactic Civilizations II: Dread Lords.
The  1985 British Formula Three Championship was the 35 th season of the British Formula Three Championship.
Knud Adland 	 ( February 15 , 1829 -- May 5 , 1912 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
The Battle of Pollocks Crossing is the sixth novel by J.L.
24 Hours in the Life of a Woman is a  1944  Argentine drama film directed by Carlos F. Borcosque and starring Amelia Bence and Roberto Escalada.
Albert T. Colburn was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Njurunda SK is an ice hockey team in Njurunda, Sweden.
Commencement Day is a 1924 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan.
20 , 000 Leagues Under the Sea refers to Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea, a classic 1870 science fiction novel by Jules Verne.
Velocity of Sound is an album by The Apples in Stereo.
The Australian Real Tennis Association is the governing body for the sport of real tennis in Australia.
Riot on an Empty Street is the second album from Norwegian duo Kings of Convenience.
The Trio for Violin, Horn and Piano by György Ligeti was completed in 1982 .
The Diocese of Spokane is a diocese of the Roman Catholic Church in the U.S. state of Washington.
Mikuláš Tóth ( 10 August 1833 -- 21 May 1882 ) was a Slovak Greek Catholic hierarch.
The Order of Saints Cyril and Methodius is an award conferred by the Republic of Bulgaria.
Mung bean sheets are a type of Chinese noodle.
Roundhay Garden Scene is an  1888  short silent actuality film recorded by French inventor Louis Le Prince.
La Trinité-des-Monts is a parish municipality in the Canadian province of Quebec, located in the Rimouski-Neigette Regional County Municipality.
Li-Huei Tsai is a cognitive neuroscientist and the director of the Picower Institute for Learning and Memory in the Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
As the Roots Undo is the debut studio album by screamo band Circle Takes the Square in 2004 .
Bank of Taiwan is a basketball team in the Super Basketball League in Taiwan.
Héctor Facundo ( 2 November 1937 -- 13 November 2009 ) was an Argentine association football player.
Best of Leæther Strip is a best-of compilation by Leæther Strip.
Pigs and Pyramids, An All Star Lineup Performing the Songs of Pink Floyd is a compilation album released in 2002 .
The Movement for the Social Evolution of Black Africa ( MESAN ) is a political party in the Central African Republic.
Nuru Awadhi Bafadhili ( born November 22 , 1952 ) , is a Member of Parliament in the National Assembly of Tanzania.
Vilnius University Astronomical Observatory is an astronomical observatory of Vilnius University.
Donovan Barrington Forbes is a former American football quarterback.
Highgate Wood School is a secondary school located in Crouch End in the North London borough of Haringey.
Meaning in the Static is the debut album by the band On the Last Day.
Norwich Victoria was a railway station in Norwich in Norfolk and the former terminus of the Great Eastern Main Line.
The Igreja do Santo Cristo do Outeiro is a National monument of Portugal.
__NOTOC__Ghana at the 1994 Commonwealth Games was abbreviated GHA.
ROH One Year Anniversary Show was the first ROH Anniversary Show professional wrestling event produced by Ring of Honor ( ROH ) .
College Farm drivewayCollege Farm is the last farm in Finchley in the London Borough of Barnet.
He Found a Star is a 1941 British musical film directed by John Paddy Carstairs and starring Vic Oliver, Sarah Churchill and Evelyn Dall.
For the Good Times is the second album from the American band The Little Willies.
Women & Songs: Beginnings Volume 2  is the second "beginnings" album in the Women & Songs franchise.
The Legacy of Muslim Rule in India is a book by the historian K. S. Lal published in 1992 .
Frederik Motzfeldt ( 2 November 1779 2 January 1848 ) was a Norwegian politician.
The Magic of Blood is a short story collection by Dagoberto Gilb.
Benning Ridge is a residential neighborhood located in Southeast Washington, D.C.
Jerzy Karasiński ( 20 September 1942 -- 22 November 2015 ) was a Polish Goalkeeper.
Maintenance of Social Security Rights Convention, 1982  is an International Labour Organization Convention.
FC Elektron Romny is a Ukrainian football club from Romny, Sumy Oblast.
The End of St. Petersburg is a 1927 silent film directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin and produced by Mezhrabpom.
Sie kommen aus Agarthi is a German television series.
Revolver Soul is a studio album by the band Alabama 3 .
Arrelles is a commune in the Aube department in the Grand Est region of northern-central France.
He represented Nigeria at the 1992 Summer Paralympics, at the 1996 Summer Paralympics and at the 2000 Summer Paralympics.
Dime with a Halo is a 1963 film directed by Boris Sagal.
Pancakes-Paris is a children's novel by Claire Huchet Bishop.
Kpalime Duga is a village located in the South Dayi District of the Volta Region of Ghana.
The Christian Reformed Churches in the Netherlands is a Protestant church in the Netherlands.
Nuevo Sabana Yegua is a town in the Azua province of the Dominican Republic.
The Chandyr River is a tributary of the Atrek River in Turkmenistan.
The Company She Keeps is a 1951 drama film starring Lizabeth Scott, Jane Greer and Dennis O'Keefe.
Pim de la Parra ( born 5 January 1940 ) is a Surinamese-Dutch film director.
Signifying Rappers: Rap and Race in the Urban Present is a nonfiction book by Mark Costello and David Foster Wallace.
Jankot  is the village development committee in Rolpa District in the Rapti Zone of north-eastern Nepal.
Empress Dowager Cixi: The Concubine Who Launched Modern China is a 2013 biography written by Jung Chang, published by Alfred A. Knopf.
Natalie Stafford ( born 8 December 1976 ) is a basketball player for Great Britain women's national basketball team.
RAF Windrush was a Royal Air Force station near Windrush, Gloucestershire.
Patrick Palmer ( born 19 January 1988 ) is a Welsh rugby union player.
FC Lada Togliatti was a Russian women's football team.
Faith & Family is the first studio album by Jon Micah Sumrall.
Valentin Chaikin ( 26 August 1925 -- 13 September 2018 ) was a Russian speed skater.
Delby Powless ( born July 3 , 1980 ) , is a Mohawk lacrosse player from the Six Nations of the Grand River First Nation near Brantford, Ontario.
Becharof National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge in the Aleutian Range of the Alaska Peninsula of southwestern Alaska.
Human Shadow Etched in Stone is an exhibition at the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum.
Lycée Vincent van Gogh La Haye-Amsterdam is a French international school in the Netherlands.
Klart spår till Tomteboda ( "Clear Track to Tomteboda" ) was the Sveriges Television's Christmas calendar and Sveriges Radio's Christmas Calendar in 1968 .
The Dreams in the Witch House and Other Weird Stories is Penguin Classics' third omnibus edition of works by 20 th-century American author H. P. Lovecraft.
Eliza Sibbald Alderson ( 16 August 1818 -- 18 March 1889 ) was an English poet and hymn writer.
The Century Opera Company was a New York City opera company.
__NOTOC__Just Beyond the River is the second studio album by James Yorkston and the Athletes.
Let the Northern Lights Erase Your Name is a novel written by Vendela Vida.
The Algerian Movement for Justice and Development ( MAJD ) is a political party in Algeria.
Bengt Rosenius ( 30 November 1918 -- 28 December 1979 ) was a Swedish Air Force major general.
The Mount Pearl Samurai were a Canadian senior ice hockey team from Mount Pearl, Newfoundland and Labrador.
The District of Columbia General Hospital was a hospital located in Washington, D.C.
Armenians in North Macedonia are the ethnic Armenians in North Macedonia.
Tilo von Berlepsch ( 30 December 1913 8 April 1991 ) was a German actor.
Peter Bradley McIntyre ( February 9 , 1872 -- April 20 , 1952 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Communist Party of Western Ukraine was a political party in eastern interwar Poland.
Live from London EP is the first live EP by rock band Stereophonics.
Brotherhood of Electric: Operational Directives is the second studio album by the American rock band Wellwater Conspiracy.
The Partridge Family Album is the first studio album by The Partridge Family.
Tan Chin Kee ( born 28 February 1952 ) is a Hong Kong judoka.
Samuel Blakely ( born 16 June 1993 ) is a New Zealand cricketer.
István Csók ( February 13 , 1865 , Sáregres February 1 , 1961 ) was a Hungarian Impressionist painter.
Momoiro Clover Z is a Japanese girl group.
The Unified Party of Haitian Communists was a political party in Haiti.
The  1876 NYU Violets football team represented New York University in the 1876 college football season.
Hunter is a 1999 science fiction novel by James Byron Huggins.
"I Know How the River Feels" is a song written by Steven Dale Jones and Amy Powers.
We Didn't Mean to Go to Sea is the seventh book in Arthur Ransome's Swallows and Amazons series of children's books.
The Supreme Court of the Northern Territory is the superior court for the Australian Territory of the Northern Territory.
The National Museum of Saudi Arabia is a major national museum in Saudi Arabia.
The Ministry of Investment and Economic Development is an agency of the government of Poland.
The Housing, Town Planning, &c. Act 1919  ( c 35 ) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Gutterflower is the seventh studio album by the alternative rock band Goo Goo Dolls.
Neal Vernon Baker ( April 30 , 1904 -- January 5 , 1982 ) was an American Major League Baseball pitcher.
Hilton Princess San Salvador Hotel is a hotel in San Salvador, El Salvador.
The Sonata for Two Pianos in D major, K.
Rudolf Suchánek ( born 27 January 1962 ) is a Czech ice hockey player.
Revolutionary Youth Association is the youth wing of Communist Party of India ( Marxist-Leninist ) Liberation.
My Kid Could Paint That is a 2007 documentary film by director Amir Bar-Lev.
Kim Dawson is a producer who worked on the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles film series.
The Steam Man of the Prairies by Edward S. Ellis was the first U.S. science fiction dime novel and archetype of the Frank Reade series.
Bab Boudir is a commune in the Taza Province of the Fès-Meknès administrative region of Morocco.
The North Fremantle Football Club was an Australian rules football club which competed in the West Australian Football League from 1901 to 1915 .
Lost Eden was a Japanese melodic death metal band.
The Chemung County Historical Society is headquartered in the historic Chemung Canal Bank Building in Elmira, New York.
Tibba Meharban Shah Halt railway station  is located in Pakistan.
Eleonora "Nora" Hiltl ( born 21 June 1905 , Vienna 2 January 1979 , Vienna ) was a Viennese Austrian People's Party politician.
National Fried Chicken Day is observed in the United States of America annually on July 6 .
The Virginia Tech Hokies men's soccer team represents the Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University in all NCAA Division I men's college soccer competitions.
Mirza Muhammad Khan I was the founding Khan of the Baku Khanate.
The  29 th Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry was an infantry regiment in the Union army of the United States during the American Civil War.
Johann Peter Alexander Wagner ( 26 February 1730  1  7 January 1809 ) was a German rococo sculptor.
New York Se New Karachi is a Pakistani television series.
A Collection of Great Dance Songs is a compilation album by English rock band Pink Floyd.
Armageddon March Eternal ( Symphonies of Slit Wrists )  is the fourth studio album by Swedish death metal band The Project Hate MCMXCIX.
Trausti Eyjólfsson ( 22 November 1927 20 July 2010 ) was an Icelandic sprinter.
Trương Quang Được ( 10 February 1940 -- 27 October 2016 ) was a senior Vietnamese politician.
A Hyperactive Workout for the Flying Squad is the seventh album by English rock band Ocean Colour Scene.
The Best of Lita Ford is a compilation album from Lita Ford.
Straight To The Point is the second studio album by Atlantic Starr.
Supersonic and Demonic Relics is a compilation album by Mötley Crüe.
The Tyranny of Will is the second studio album by American crossover thrash band Iron Reagan.
The Huairou Solar Observing Station is a solar observatory in China.
Centuries Before Love and War is an album by Stars of Track and Field.
The Animal Health and Welfare ( Scotland ) Act 2006  ( asp 11 ) is an Act of the Scottish Parliament.
Logan Austin ( born 8 July 1995 ) is a professional Australian rules footballer with the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Giró Nunatak is a nunatak northwest of Vaca Nunatak in the Panzarini Hills portion of the Argentina Range, in the Pensacola Mountains of Antarctica.
Odessa Film Studio is the first film studio established in Russian Empire ( Odessa ) .
Case for a Rookie Hangman is a Czech drama film directed by Pavel Juráček.
Sally Forth is a syndicated comic strip written by Francesco Marciuliano and drawn by Craig MacIntosh.
Eugene Elliott Reed ( April 23 , 1866 –December 15 , 1940 ) was a U.S.
Change of Heart is a 1978 album by Eric Carmen.
Michael T. Marron is a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives from the 104 th district.
The Basketball Cup of Bosnia and Herzegovina is the national basketball cup of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Legend of Korra is an American animated television series created by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko.
Some American Folk Songs Like They Used To is an album by folk artist "Spider" John Koerner, released in 1974 .
Events in the year  2019 in the Dominican Republic.
The Syrian Computer Society is an organization in Syria.
The Hyco River is a tributary of the Dan River, which is a tributary of the Roanoke River.
Lee Hein ( born 13 March 1960 ) is a member of the Iowa House of Representatives.
The Party for Democracy and Progress / Socialist Party is a political party in Burkina Faso ( former Upper Volta ) .
Kingsman: The Golden Circle is a 2017 action spy comedy film produced and directed by Matthew Vaughn and written by Vaughn and Jane Goldman.
The Great Britain women's national volleyball team is the team representing Great Britain in volleyball competitions.
Sebastião Laranjeiras is a Brazilian municipality of Bahia state.
The Secret in the Old Attic is the twenty-first volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series.
White Light/Black Rain: The Destruction of Hiroshima and Nagasaki is an HBO documentary film directed and produced by Steven Okazaki.
Taranaki Whānui ki te Upoko o te Ika is a Māori iwi of New Zealand.
You Hold It All is the second extended play from Travis Ryan.
Anthony Bate ( 31 August 1927 19 June 2012 ) was an English actor.
Putování slepého hada za pravdou is a Czech novel, written by Ladislav Klíma.
The Men Who Lost China is a documentary film created by Mitch Anderson.
Set Free is an album by The American Analog Set.
Hamlet and His Problems is an essay written by T.S.
Colonel Henry John Clements ( 16 July 1781 -- 12 January 1843 ) was an Irish Conservative politician.
Johannes van der Aeck ( 1636 , Leiden 1682 , Leiden ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter.
María Teresa Torró Flor ( born 2 May 1992 ) is a Spanish professional tennis player.
The University of Minnesota Medical School is the medical school of the University of Minnesota.
Seth MacFarlane's Cavalcade of Cartoon Comedy is a cartoon web series created by Seth MacFarlane.
Langemak is a prominent impact crater on the far side of the Moon.
Vincent James Dowling was an Australian explorer and pastoralist.
Envy: A Luxe Novel is a young adult novel by author Anna Godbersen.
New Holland is an indie rock band from South Africa.
The Social Democratic Alliance of Moldova ( ASDM ) was a political party in Moldova.
Abu Futaira District is a district of the Mubarak Al-Kabeer Governorate in Kuwait.
Wales participated in the Eurovision Choir of the Year 2017 .
George Joseph Smith ( 11 January 1872 -- 13 August 1915 ) was an English serial killer and bigamist.
Dunhua is a county-level city of the Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture in southeastern Jilin province, People's Republic of China.
Escape from New York is a 1981 post-apocalyptic action film directed by John Carpenter.
Romeo und Julia is a 1943 opera by Boris Blacher.
Guillaume Barthez de Marmorières ( 2 March 1707 11 January 1799 ) was a French civil engineer.
Renn Dickson Hampden ( 29 March 1793 23 April 1868 ) was an English Anglican clergyman.
Nature of the Beast is a television film starring Autumn Reeser and Eddie Kaye Thomas.
The  1921 Presbyterian Blue Hose football team represented Presbyterian College during the 1921 college football season.
Anastasia: Adventures with Pooka and Bartok is a Fox Interactive puzzle video game based on the 1997 animated film Anastasia.
Jahangir Kabir Nanak ( born 14 January 1954 ) is a Bangladesh Awami League politician and the former state Minister of Local Government, Rural Development and Co-operatives.
Finn Arne Johansen  is a Norwegian handball player.
Sandra Hollins is a Democratic member of the Utah State House of Representatives and represents House District 23 .
Hezekiah Flinn was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Wake Up the Wonder is a live album from Elevation Worship.
The Uniform Controlled Substances Act was drafted by the United States Department of Justice in 1969 and promulgated by the National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws while the federal Controlled Substances Act was being drafted.
Var hälsad, sköna morgonstund is an 1819 Christmas hymn with lyrics by Johan Olof Wallin.
Milo Andrus ( March 6 , 1814 -- June 19 , 1893 ) was an early leader in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
The Muse in Arms is an anthology of British war poetry published in November 1917 during World War I.
The Very Best Day is a Russian comedy film directed by Zhora Kryzhovnikov.
The Association for Helping the Community and Engagement with the People is a political party in the Chinese Special Administrative Region of Macau.
Modern Art is the eleventh studio album by alternative rock musician Matthew Sweet.
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is an 1876 novel by Mark Twain.
The Australian Schoolboys national baseball team is the national team for secondary school students in Australia.
The Independent Spirit Award for Best Documentary Feature is one of the annual Independent Spirit Awards.
Tenacious D is a comedy rock band composed of Kyle Gass and Jack Black.
Line 10  of Chongqing Rail Transit is a rapid transit line that opened on 28 December 2017 .
4 Plugs is the sixth album by The Mad Capsule Markets.
Karl Ekman ( 1 January 1892 9 December 1945 ) was a Swedish wrestler.
Juan Fernando Echeverría  ( May 30 , 1812 -- January 7 , 1871 ) was a Costa Rican politician.
My Gentleman Friend is a 1961 album by Blossom Dearie.
George Ubsdell ( 4 April 1845 15 October 1905 ) was an English first-class cricketer.
John R. Evans ( born February 15 , 1955 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
The Gaithersburg Giants are a baseball team in the Cal Ripken Collegiate Baseball League.
Solidarity of Women of Ukraine is a Ukrainian political party that was registered on 23 December 1999 .
The Jammu and Kashmir Awami League is a political party in Jammu and Kashmir.
Subjects of Desire: Hegelian Reflections in Twentieth-Century France is a 1987 book by the philosopher Judith Butler.
Ouderkerk aan de Amstel is a village in the Dutch province of North Holland.
Olof Alfred Gigon ( 28 January 1912 -- 18 June 1998 ) was a Swiss classical philologist.
Visvaldis Melderis ( 19 January 1915 -- 14 July 1944 ) was a Latvian basketball player.
McGhee Tyson Air National Guard Base is a joint military facility located at McGhee Tyson Airport.
Live Music Hall Koln 1992  is a live album by Richard Marx released exclusively in Germany.
The Seborga luigino is the local currency of the micronation of Seborga.
Game of Danger is a 1962 thriller novel by Lois Duncan.
No One Is Too Small to Make a Difference is a 2019 book by climate activist Greta Thunberg.
State Academic Folk Dance Ensemble Faizi Gaskarov is a professional folk dance company of the Republic of Bashkortostan.
The Minister responsible for the Manitoba Telephone System is a former government position in Manitoba, Canada.
Zadoc P. Beach was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate.
Oceanside School District is a school district in Oceanside, New York.
The Evil Empire Tour is a concert tour by Rage Against the Machine to support their second studio album Evil Empire.
"Terrance and Phillip in Not Without My Anus" is the second season premiere of the American animated television series South Park.
In Flight is a live album by Alvin Lee.
Tecmo World Cup Soccer is a video game for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
Staroye Kryukovo is a district of Moscow within Zelenogradsky Administrative Okrug.
Reality Bites Back is a reality show hosted by Michael Ian Black that parodies various reality show formats.
Roscommon Gaels GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in Roscommon in County Roscommon, Ireland.
The Battle of Harlem Heights was fought during the New York and New Jersey campaign of the American Revolutionary War.
Sterkstroom is a settlement in Enoch Mgijima Local Municipality of the Chris Hani District in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.
Lilla Edets IF is a Swedish football club located in Lilla Edet in Västra Götaland County.
Brandon Valley Performing Arts Center is a performing arts center in Brandon, South Dakota.
How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe is a 2010 novel by American writer Charles Yu.
Paul K. Van Riper ( born July 5 , 1938 ) is a retired United States Marine Corps officer.
Sultan Ahmad Shah II Bridge or Semantan Bridge is the longest highway bridge in the East Coast Expressway network.
Kilmeny of the Orchard is a novel by Lucy Maud Montgomery.
Money and the Woman is a 1940 American drama film directed by William K. Howard and written by Robert Presnell Sr..
Kabri Dahar Airport is an airport in Kebri Dahar, Ethiopia .
Sven Magnus Aurivillius was a Swedish zoologist born 12 August 1892 in Stockholm and died 4 March 1928 in .
Woolwich Dockyard railway station is in Woolwich in the Royal Borough of Greenwich.
The Chairman of the Senate of Pakistan , is the president-chair of the Senate of Pakistan.
The New National Moldovan Party is political party in Moldova.
A Beast at Bay is a 1912 silent short film directed by D. W. Griffith.
Kaeng Khoi Line is a railway line of Greater Bangkok Commuter rail, operated by State Railway of Thailand ( SRT ) .
The 2010 Virginia National Bank Men's Pro Championship was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.
__NOTOC__For the Good Times is a 1971 studio album by Dean Martin arranged by Ernie Freeman and produced by Jimmy Bowen.
The Mystery of the Fire Dragon is the thirty-eighth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series.
Who You Selling For is the third studio album by American rock band The Pretty Reckless.
Basnahira North cricket team represents northern region of Western Province, Sri Lanka in first-class cricket tournaments.
Mein Schiff 6  is a cruise ship owned by TUI Cruises.
Manheim Central High School is a secondary school in the Manheim Central School District.
Misia Remix 2003 Kiss in the Sky: Non Stop Mix is Misia's third remix album, released on April 23 , 2003 .
Best of Toadies: Live from Paradise is a live album by Toadies.
José Joaquín Álvarez de Toledo y Caro, 19 th Duke of Medina Sidonia ( 28 December 1865 -- 9 June 1915 ) was Duke of Medina Sidonia from 1905 .
1111 Henry V is crowned Holy Roman Emperor.
The Saving of Bill Blewitt is a 1936 documentary film produced by Alberto Cavalcanti of the GPO Film Unit and directed by Harry Watt.
Toomai of the Elephants is a short story by Rudyard Kipling about a young elephant-handler.
Evelyn: The Cutest Evil Dead Girl is a 2002 black comedy short film directed by Newfoundlander Brad Peyton.
Robert Malcolm Graham ( July 26 , 1897 -- January 20 , 1981 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
The San Pedro y San Pablo River is a river of Mexico.
Edwin W. Atwood ( September 1875 January 31 , 1958 ) was a Michigan politician.
Alexey Tselousov is a Russian curler from Saint Petersburg.
Herman Schroeder was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
The Lady in the Car with Glasses and a Gun is a 1970 French and American psychological thriller film directed by Anatole Litvak starring Samantha Eggar, Oliver Reed and John McEnery.
18 ( UKSF ) Signal Regiment is a regiment of the Royal Corps of Signals in the British Army that provides Communications and Information Systems ( CIS ) support to the United Kingdom Special Forces ( UKSF ) .
The Kachin State National Congress for Democracy ( KNCD ) is a political party in Myanmar.
The Wathen Hall at St Paul's School is a small concert hall in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.
Ballad for Americans and Other American Ballads is an album by American folk singer Odetta, first released in 1960 .
← West Indies Federation Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis → Anguilla →
A Simple Life is a 1912 silent short film comedy starring Anna Lehr.
Filho da Puta ( 14 April 1812 25 August 1835 ) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse.
The Eyes of Annie Jones is a 1964 American-British drama film directed by Reginald Le Borg and starring Richard Conte, Francesca Annis and Joyce Carey.
New Netherland Company was a chartered company of Dutch merchants.
Friedrich Gottlieb Welcker ( 4 November 1784 -- 17 December 1868 ) was a German classical philologist and archaeologist.
Bacchus Marsh Football and Netball Club is an Australian rules football and netball club, located in Bacchus Marsh in Victoria, Australia.
Yaakov Pearlman was Chief Rabbi of Ireland from September 2001 -June 2008 .
Charles Vanderbyl ( 5 April 1874 9 February 1956 ) was a British fencer.
Randy Newman Live is a live album by American singer Randy Newman.
The Korea National League 2010  season is eighth season of Korea National League.
Sur les murs de la ville  is a 2004 film.
Memory of a Broken Dimension is an upcoming video game in development by XRA.
The Dutch Caribbean Coast Guard ( DCCG ) ( ( KWCARIB ) ) is the coast guard of the Kingdom of the Netherlands in the Dutch Caribbean.
Sándor von Korompay ( 17 June 1912 -- 26 August 1986 ) was a Hungarian rower.
Spanish Flu: The Forgotten Fallen is a 2009 television drama.
Yobi, the Five Tailed Fox is a 2007 animated Korean film by Lee Sung-gang, the director of My Beautiful Girl, Mari.
Frank Eric Jaenicke ( 23 August 1892 2 February 1951 ) was a Co-operative Commonwealth Federation member of the House of Commons of Canada.
George M. Borg ( December 4 , 1934 -- September 7 , 1971 ) was a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.
Alpine skiing at the 2013 European Youth Olympic Winter Festival was held at the Sub Teleferic slope in Poiana Brașov, Romania from 18 to 22 February 2013 .
The Ministry of Internal Affairs is a government ministry of the Republic of North Macedonia.
Ross, Skye and Inverness West was a constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from  1997  to  2005 .
The San Diego Journal of Climate and Energy Law is a student-run law review published at the University of San Diego School of Law.
Wolfroy Goes to Town is a studio album by Will Oldham.
Walter Haselshaw was a medieval English Bishop of Bath and Wells.
Greatest Hits is a compilation album by Biz Markie.
What Lies Beneath is a studio album by Robin Trower.
Here Come the Choppers is a 2005 album by Loudon Wainwright III.
David V. Jennings was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.
The  1919 Liberal Party of Canada leadership election was the first leadership convention held by a federal political party in Canada.
HMS Ascot was a Racecourse-class minesweeper of the Royal Navy.
Saints Peter and Paul Cathedral is a cathedral of the Roman Catholic Church in the United States Virgin Islands.
The York Foundation was a professional wrestling heel stable in World Championship Wrestling between 1990 and 1992 .
Survive the Tribe is a television series which aires on the National Geographic Channel.
Recently selected: Interstate 5 in Washington New York State Route 32  U.S.
__NOTOC__The Catholic Church of Our Lady of the Rosary is a Roman Catholic church in Doha, Qatar.
Posts and Telecommunications Institute of Technology, Ho Chi Minh City is a university-like institute in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
The SEIU Local 660  was a local union of the Service Employees International Union in the United States.
The Phantom of Pine Hill is the forty-second volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series.
Ruining It for Everybody is the second album by Iwrestledabearonce.
Senbuy was High Priest of Ptah in Memphis during the late Middle Kingdom of Egypt ( late Twelfth Dynasty or Thirteenth Dynasty ) .
United Nations Security Council Resolution 124  was adopted on March 7 , 1957 .
Ulrica Messing ( born 31 January 1968 in Hällefors ) is a Swedish Social Democratic former politician.
All Fun and Games until Somebody Loses an Eye is the ninth novel by Scottish writer Christopher Brookmyre.
The Rebbie Jackson Collection is a compilation album by American singer Rebbie Jackson.
The Cream of Eric Clapton is a compilation DVD of live Eric Clapton performances.
New Zealand competed at the  2009 World Championships in Athletics that took place from 15 -- 23 August.
William Sydney Hylton Jolliffe ( 27 September 1841 -- 19 January 1912 ) was an English Conservative Party politician.
Eden Water is a tributary of the River Tweed in the Scottish Borders of Scotland.
Wallace Island Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park in the Gulf Islands of British Columbia, Canada.
The Cotton Patch is a breed of domestic goose originating in the Southern United States.
The Spectator Bird is a 1976 novel by Wallace Stegner.
José Doth de Oliveira ( 1 March 1938 -- 26 November 2017 ) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic prelate.
Automation and Remote Control is a Russian scientific journal published by MAIK Nauka/Interperiodica Press and distributed in English by Springer Science+Business Media.
Baba Gangeshwarnath Dham is a temple in Itahara Uparwar village, Sant Ravidas Nagar district, Uttar Pradesh.
The Shiva temple in Narayanapur village in Bidar district.
The Clue in the Old Stagecoach is the thirty-seventh volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series.
Bob Honey Who Just Do Stuff is a satirical novel written by Sean Penn.
Alfredo Sabbadin ( 20 January 1936 26 March 2016 ) was an Italian professional racing cyclist.
Zahurul Haq ( 9 February 1935 -- 15 February 1969 ) was a Pakistan Air Force sergeant.
Alhaji Ibrahim Saminu Turaki is a Nigerian politician and former governor of Jigawa State in Nigeria.
Manouchehr Boroumand ( 26 March 1934 -- 21 December 2017 ) was an Iranian heavyweight weightlifter.
James P. McConlogue ( May 12 , 1914 -- October 28 , 1967 ) was an American football coach.
Veneranda's Church is a Cultural Monument of Albania.
The Phi Gamma Delta Fraternity House in Minneapolis, Minnesota is the University of Minnesota chapter house of Phi Gamma Delta.
Truly Madly Completely: The Best of Savage Garden is a compilation album released by Australian pop duo Savage Garden.
Zelda II: The Adventure of Link is an action role-playing video game with platforming elements.
Hrubeš a Mareš jsou kamarádi do deště  is a Czech comedy film directed by Vladimír Morávek.
Dungeons & Dragons Collection is a two-disc compilation of the previously released arcade games Dungeons & Dragons: Tower of Doom and Dungeons & Dragons: Shadow over Mystara.
American Pie Presents: The Book of Love is a 2009 American sex comedy film released by Universal Pictures.
Felipe Barrera-Osorio is a Colombian economist and Associate Professor of Education and Economics at the Harvard Graduate School of Education.
King Faisal Naval Base is a Royal Saudi Navy base.
A Short History of Decay is an American comedy film written and directed by Michael Maren.
Graziadio Isaia Ascoli ( 16 July 1829 -- 21 January 1907 ) was an Italian linguist.
Kuwait City is the capital and largest city of Kuwait.
The  1984 German Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at Hockenheimring on 5 August 1984 .
Fast Sam, Cool Clyde, and Stuff is a 1975 novel by Walter Dean Myers.
Hymns in Prose for Children (  1781  ) is a children's book by Anna Laetitia Barbauld.
Through the Many Winters, A Christmas Album is a 2005 Christmas album by Michael McDonald.
Museo Mural Diego Rivera is a museum in Mexico City where Diego Rivera's mural Sueño de una Tarde Dominical en la Alameda Central is located.
The C Spire Ferriss Trophy was created in the fall of 2003 by the Mississippi Sports Hall of Fame to honor the Mississippi Collegiate Baseball Player of the Year.
Sharon Metz is a former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
The Battle of Gavinana was a battle in the War of the League of Cognac.
God's Inn by the Sea is a 1911 silent film dramatic short directed by R.F.
Ignazio Marini ( 28 November 1811 -- 29 April 1873 ) was a celebrated Italian operatic bass.
The House Across the Street is a 1949 American comedy film directed by Richard L. Bare and written by Russell S. Hughes.
Black Forest Games is a German video game developer based in Offenburg.
Laguna Poco Sol is a volcanic lake in Costa Rica, in the Cordillera de Tilarán.
Folly Seeing All This is a 1993 album by Michael Mantler.
History and Memory: For Akiko and Takashige is a 1991 documentary film by Rea Tajiri.
"Let Me Be Your Sugar Baby" is a song written by Artie Malvin.
Alexander Valerievich Radulov ( born 5 July 1986 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey player and alternate captain for the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Road Runner Express is a steel roller coaster located at Six Flags Fiesta Texas in San Antonio, Texas.
Naomi Evans ( born 17 January 1992 ) is an Australian field hockey player.
Graham Rathbone ( 22 August 1942 -- 8 January 2012 ) was a Welsh professional footballer.
Combat is a video game by Atari, Inc. for the Atari 2600 .
The  2001 Speedway World Cup Qualifying round 2  was the second race of the 2001 Speedway World Cup season.
Andrea Vassallo ( 2 January 1856 -- 28 January 1928 ) was an eclectic Maltese architect.
Katharina Marie Schubert ( born January 22 , 1977 ) is a German actress.
The Kerry Independent Alliance is a minor political party in the Republic of Ireland.
Christian August Gottlob Eberhard ( 12 January 1769 -- 13 May 1845 ) was a German miscellaneous writer.
Sally Hardesty is a fictional character in The Texas Chainsaw Massacre franchise.
Skarphéðinn Guðmundsson ( 7 April 1930 20 January 2003 ) was an Icelandic ski jumper.
Lori Daniels ( born November 5 , 1955 ) is a former member of the Arizona State Senate.
Von nun ab, Herr Kunze is an East German film.
The Wind from Nowhere is a science fiction novel by English author J.G.
Baseball was contested at the  1986 Central American and Caribbean Games in Santiago de los Caballeros, Dominican Republic.
The Salesman and Bernadette is a 1998 album by Vic Chesnutt.
Manuel Mascarenhas Homem was the Governor of Portuguese Ceylon.
The Ministry of Health and Social Welfare is a government ministry of the Republic of Liberia.
The Weserflug We 271  was a German flying boat active during World War II.
Shu Tong ( November 25 , 1905 -- May 27 , 1998 ) was a People's Republic of China politician.
La Caravana del manuscrito andalusí is a 2007 documentary film directed by Lidia Peralta García.
Bringing It All Back Home is a one-act play by Terrence McNally.
Goa Su-Raj Party is a political party in the Indian state of Goa.
Belgium competed at the  2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, United States.
George Dukes are a Junior ice hockey team based in St.
Dubai Crude is a medium sour crude oil extracted from Dubai.
The Tiger Woods Story is a 1998 television film directed by LeVar Burton and starring Keith David and Khalil Kain.
John Hope Anderson ( May 2 , 1912 May 26 , 2005 ) was a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
Back to the World is the second solo album from Dennis DeYoung.
The Very Best of Dolly Parton is a compilation album by Dolly Parton, released 7 March 2007 .
Aventura is a bachata band from New York City.
Oh My God is a 2009 documentary film by filmmaker Peter Rodger.
Fena Lake is the largest lake in the United States territory of Guam.
Mohamed Ag Najem ( alias Ag Mohamed Najem, alternatively spelled Mahamed Ag Najim ) is the chief of staff of the National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad ( MNLA ) army.
Minister of Safety and Security v Road Accident Fund and Another is an important case in the South African law of delict.
Herbert Eiteljörge ( 27 November 1934 -- 2 October 2014 ) was a German goalkeeper.
The District Council of East Torrens was a local government council of South Australia from 1853 to 1997 .
Modern Sounds in Country and Western Music Volume Two is a 1962 album by Ray Charles.
Dekh Indian Circus is an Indian film directed by Mangesh Hadawale.
Myrtle–Wyckoff Avenues is a New York City Subway station complex formed by the intersecting stations of the BMT Canarsie Line and the BMT Myrtle Avenue Line.
Richard Anane Adabor is the District Chief Executive of the Upper Denkyira District, Ghana.
George Nelson Dalzell ( 26 April 1921 -- 30 April 1989 ) was a New Zealand rugby union player.
Adapt or Die: Ten Years of Remixes is a remix album released by Everything but the Girl in 2005 .
Claude Bourquard ( 5 March 1937 23 May 2011 ) was a French fencer.
For Love of Mother-Not is a science fiction novel by American writer Alan Dean Foster, first published in 1983 .
Bryan Flannery is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives.
Los que verán a Dios is a  1963  Argentine film.
James Elisha Brown ( 12 May 1913 -- 26 January 1974 ) was a Liberal member of the House of Commons of Canada.
The Orange River is a tributary of the Caloosahatchee River.
Private Division is an American video game publisher based in New York City.
Bless the Broken Road: The Duets Album is an album from Contemporary Christian group Selah.
Act of Faith  is the fourth studio album by Mucky Pup.
Hendrik de Iongh ( 4 August 1877 9 August 1962 ) was a Dutch fencer.
The  1994 FIBA World Championship for Women was held in Australia.
Wer seine Frau lieb hat is an East German film.
The Mayor of Bristol is the head of Bristol City Council.
Bertil Norberg ( 14 July 1910 24 March 1995 ) was a Swedish ice hockey player.
Caspar Georg Carl Reinwardt ( 5 June 1773 in Lüttringhausen 6 March 1854 in Leiden ) was a Prussian-born Dutch botanist.
Ernest Terah Hooley ( 5 February 1859 -- 11 February 1947 ) was an English financial fraudster.
Fred Matua ( January 14 , 1984 -- August 5 , 2012 ) was an American football guard.
A Riddle of Roses is the debut novel of Caryl Cude Mullin.
I Spit on Your Grave ( originally titled Day of the Woman ) is a 1978 American rape and revenge horror film written, directed and edited by Meir Zarchi.
Conversations with the Unseen is a 2003 album by Soweto Kinch.
Apple Dylan was the implementation of the Dylan programming language produced by Apple Computer.
Jone o Grinfilt is a poem in the Oldham dialect of English.
Justin Chang is an American film critic and columnist for the Los Angeles Times.
The Solomon Islands national rugby league team represents Solomon Islands in the sport of rugby league football.
The Miller Valley Veterans Monument is a public art work by artist Thomas Queoff.
Giuseppe Romita ( January 7 , 1887 -- March 15 , 1958 ) was an Italian Socialist Party politician.
New World Messiah is the sixth studio album by Nocturnal Rites.
The Midwich Cuckoos is a 1957 science fiction novel written by the English author John Wyndham.
A Day in the Life of Bonnie and Clyde is a 1968 studio album by Mel Tormé.
Mark C. Toner is a U.S. Foreign Service Officer and former Deputy Spokesperson for the United States Department of State.
True Stories is a 2016 studio album by The Rippingtons.
Che Lei Pai is an island in Tolo Channel in the northeastern New Territories of Hong Kong.
Herbert Udny Weitbrecht Stanton ( 24 January 1851 -- 30 May 1937 ) was a British Anglican missionary.
Princess Alice and the Broken Arrow is the 14 th studio album by the English rock band Magnum.
The Days and Nights of BeeBee Fenstermaker is an American play by William Snyder.
Hong Kong Velodrome is a velodrome in Tseung Kwan O, Hong Kong.
The Liber ad milites templi de laude novae militiae was a work written by Saint Bernard of Clairvaux ( 1090 -- August 20 , 1153 ) .
Cindy Campbell is a fictional character from the Scary Movie franchise.
Live at the El Mocambo is a 1993 live album by Elvis Costello and the Attractions.
Sport Club Corinthians Paulista has a professional beach soccer team based in Brazil.
African Mantungwa Community is a minor political party in South Africa.
In the Name of Love is the first album of StarStruck finalist Yasmien Kurdi.
The Great Mosque of Brussels is the oldest mosque in Brussels.
The Haunting of Helen Walker is a 1995 TV film based on The Turn of the Screw.
The Demise of the Crown Act 1901  is an Act of Parliament of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
How the Beggar Boy turned into Count Piro is an Italian fairy tale collected by Laura Gonzenbach in Sicilianische Märchen.
A Traveler from Altruria is a Utopian novel by William Dean Howells.
Jax and the Hellhound is a limited series comic book by Dennis Morales Francis and published by Blackthorne Publishing.
He-Man and the Masters of the Universe is a comic book series by DC Comics based on the Masters of the Universe.
ME: A Novel of Self-Discovery is a novel written by science fiction author Thomas Thurston Thomas.
Miss Queen Portugal is a national beauty pageant in Portugal.
The God of Small Things is the debut novel of Indian writer Arundhati Roy.
William Stillman Stanley Jr. was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.
The Rise and Fall of English Montreal is a 1993 Canadian documentary film directed by William Weintraub and produced by the National Film Board of Canada in Montreal.
Time is the Simplest Thing is a science fiction novel by Clifford D. Simak, first published in 1961 .
Town Centre is a major MTR Light Rail stop.
William Cummings ( 13 March 1889 -- 28 May 1955 ) was a New Zealand rugby union player.
The Blow Out is a 1936 Looney Tunes animated short film starring Porky Pig.
The Insolvent Debtors Act 1842  was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
Deborah Borda is the president and chief executive officer of the New York Philharmonic.
Al Haymah Ad Dakhiliyah District is a district of the Sana'a Governorate, Yemen.
William Constable ( 21 March 1851 -- 31 January 1894 ) was an English cricketer.
The Captive City is a 1952 film noir crime film directed by Robert Wise.
A Little Soap and Water is a 1935 Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Betty Boop.
Brigida Silva de Ochoa was born in Peru in 1776 .
Same Place the Fly Got Smashed is the fourth album by Guided by Voices.
Jadwiga Kuryluk ( 25 September 1912 30 April 1995 ) was a Polish film actress.
Darker My Love is the first album by the Los Angeles band Darker My Love.
Heard It All Before: Live at the HiFi Bar is the third live album by rock band Clutch.
Welcome to My World is a 1967 studio album by Dean Martin.
The Thymic branches of internal thoracic artery are arteries that supply the thymus.
Suicide in B is a play by Sam Shepard.
School District 75 Mission is a school district in the Central Fraser Valley of British Columbia .
Denis Eduardovich Ayrapetyan ( born 17 January 1997 ) is a Russian short track speed skater.
The  2003 Western & Southern Financial Group Masters was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.
Melanie Klaffner ( born 22 May 1990 in Waidhofen an der Ybbs ) is an Austrian tennis player.
Anesthesia: A Brief Reflection on Contemporary Aesthetics is a novella written by Mennonite theologian Tripp York.
The  St. Louis Gateway Film Critics Association Award for Best Picture is one of the annual awards given by the St. Louis Gateway Film Critics Association.
A Night at the Hip Hopera is the third album by The Kleptones.
Frank Dennis Sando ( 14 March 1931 -- 13 October 2012 ) was a British long-distance runner.
Balkhash District is a district of Almaty Region in Kazakhstan.
Running Wild with Bear Grylls is a survival skills reality television series starring Bear Grylls.
The Bank Restriction Act 1797  was an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain ( 37 Geo.
The International Music Festival of F. L. Vek is a festival of classical music in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
The Washington Bridge is a bridge over the Harlem River in New York City.
659 Squadron AAC is a squadron of the British Army's Army Air Corps ( AAC ) .
The Alliance for Democracy and Development is a political party in Cameroon.
The City School District of New Rochelle is a public school district located in New Rochelle, New York.
Trairong Suwankiri ( born June 24 , 1944 in Songkhla ) is a Thai politician ( Democrat Party ) .
Pecos Bill: The Greatest Cowboy of All Time is a children's novel by James Cloyd Bowman about the American folk hero Pecos Bill.
The Good Evening Europe Tour was a concert tour by Paul McCartney in Europe.
The Chang-Sat Bangkok 2 Open is a tennis tournament held in Bangkok, Thailand since 2010 .
An Intimate Evening with Anne Murray is a live album by Canadian Country artist Anne Murray.
The Magic Trackpad 2  is a multi-touch and Force Touch trackpad produced by Apple Inc.
Denis Phipps ( born July 22 , 1985 ) is a professional baseball outfielder for the Sugar Land Skeeters of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball.
Earthsea is a fantasy literature series by Ursula K. Le Guin.
Episodes of South Park from season 3
Werewolves in Their Youth is a 1999 short story collection by Michael Chabon.
Mark Andrew Wilson ( born 22 August 1966 ) is a New Zealand businessman, who was appointed the chief executive officer ( CEO ) of Aviva on 1 January 2013 .
Abergavenny Rugby Football Club is a Welsh rugby union club team based in Abergavenny.
Gustaf III Airport , also known as Saint Barthélemy Airport, Rémy de Haenen Airport, sometimes as St.
Petrópolis Environmental Protection Area is a protected area of Rio de Janeiro state, Brazil.
Julia Bell ( 28 January 1879 -- 26 April 1979 ) was a pioneering English human geneticist.
Charles G. Lewis was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly in 1879 .
Rivers of Living Water FC is a Kittian football club based in Basseterre.
The Gambler's Charm is a 1910 silent short film drama produced by the Lubin Manufacturing Company and distributed through General Film Company.
Treachery in Death by Nora Roberts writing as J.D.
The Permanent Observer of Holy See to the United Nations in Geneva is the representative of the Holy See to the European office of the United Nations in Geneva, Switzerland.
Last Call for Blackford Oakes is a 2005 Blackford Oakes novel by William F. Buckley, Jr.
The Collection is the second compilation album by boy band NSYNC.
The Torso Murder: The Untold Story of Evelyn Dick is a non-fiction book written by Brian Vallée.
2009 -- 10 Moldovan National Division season is the 4 th Moldovan National Division season in the history of FC Iskra-Stali Rîbniţa.
Las Venganzas de Beto Sánchez is a  1973  Argentine film.
Forever: Rich Thugs, Book One is the sixth studio album by American hip hop group Above the Law.
The Great Rocksteady Swindle is the twelfth studio album from New York City ska band The Slackers.
Aleš Pajovič ( born 6 January 1979 ) is a retired Slovenian handball player who competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Spotlight on Willie Nelson is a 1974 compilation album by country singer Willie Nelson.
The Nueva Vizcaya State University is a public university in the Philippines.
Biriwa Chiefdom is a chiefdom in Bombali District of Sierra Leone.
Carlo Fidanza ( born 21 September 1976 , San Benedetto del Tronto ) is an Italian politician.
The King Is Coming is the third studio album from Saving Grace.
Jean-Charles-Julien Luce de Lancival ( 28 April 1764 -- 17 August 1810 ) .
"Fear of a Blank Planet" is a Porcupine Tree song.
The Saint of Fort Washington is a 1993 American drama film directed by Tim Hunter and starring Matt Dillon and Danny Glover.
The Frog and the Pussycat is the third and final episode of the Rock & Chips trilogy.
Red Prophet: The Tales of Alvin Maker is a twelve-issue comic book limited series by Orson Scott Card, based on The Tales of Alvin Maker series by author Orson Scott Card.
The National Patriotic Front is a political party in Namibia.
San Pedro Lake is a lake in the Beni Department of Bolivia.
Fulvio Tomizza ( 26 January 1935 -- 21 May 1999 ) was an Italian writer.
John Howe  was a Major League Baseball player.
George Davis McDill was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Guarding of Machinery Convention, 1963  is an International Labour Organization Convention.
Eparchy of Veliko Tarnovo is one of the eparchies of the Bulgarian Orthodox Church in the Bulgaria.
The Lise Meitner Medal and Prize was established in 2016 by the Institute of Physics.
The Most Exciting Organ Ever is the first album by Billy Preston.
They Knew What They Wanted is a 1924 play written by Sidney Howard.
The  2003 Speedway World Cup Race-off was the fourth race of the 2003 Speedway World Cup season.
Rainwater Creek is a tributary stream of Lake Fork Creek.
Playwutchyalike: The Best of Digital Underground is the second compilation album from rap group Digital Underground.
Pigeon River Fish and Wildlife Area is a protected area that covers and is dedicated to providing hunting and fishing opportunities.
Good Old Koerner, Ray & Glover is an album by Koerner, Ray & Glover, released in 1972 .
Fatmawati ( 5 February 1923 -- 14 May 1980 ) is a National Hero of Indonesia .
Puerto Rico will participate in the 2011 Parapan American Games.
Gough Whitlam was a Prime Minister of Australia.
Madu Kalas is a village and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.
Sandgrouse is the journal of the Ornithological Society of the Middle East.
The Great Britain Bandy Federation is the governing body of the sport of bandy in the United Kingdom.
The  Party for Peace, Democracy, Reconciliation, and Reconstruction ( PPDRR )  is a small political party in Burundi.
Francis Gerard Brooks ( 14 January 1924 -- 4 September 2010 ) was the Roman Catholic Bishop of the Diocese of Dromore, Northern Ireland.
Moi, Antoine de Tounens, roi de Patagonie is a 1981 novel by the French writer Jean Raspail.
Right as Rain is a 2001 crime novel by George Pelecanos.
The Cricket on the Hearth is a 1909 silent short film directed by D. W. Griffith.
David Sieck ( born June 27 , 1957 ) is a member of the Iowa House of Representatives.
Union of Soviet Writers, USSR Union of Writers, or Soviet Union of Writers was a creative union of professional writers in the Soviet Union.
The New Mexico gubernatorial election of 1998  contest to elect the next Governor of New Mexico.
Abundant Nigeria Renewal Party ( ANRP ) is a political party in Nigeria.
A Free Man of Color is a play written by John Guare.
The Remix Collection is a remix album by Kim Wilde.
The Bush School of Government and Public Service is a graduate college of Texas A&M University.
The  2005 UMass Minutemen football team represented the University of Massachusetts Amherst in the 2005 NCAA Division I FCS football season as a member of the Atlantic 10 Conference.
North Marine Drive is the debut album of Ben Watt.
Victorious 3 . 0 : Even More Music from the Hit TV Show is the third soundtrack and the second extended play for the Victorious series.
Mount Harriet National Park is a national park located in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands union territory of India.
Bosnia and Herzegovina competed at the  2007 World Championships in Athletics.
The  2017 Stock Car Brasil Championship is the thirty-ninth season of the Stock Car Brasil.
Mojados: Through the Night is a 2004 documentary film directed by Tommy Davis.
Scream and Light Up the Sky is the second album from indie rock band The Honorary Title.
Nhuận Phú Tân is a rural commune of Mỏ Cày Bắc District, Bến Tre Province, Vietnam.
Gran Turismo Sport is a racing video game developed by Polyphony Digital and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment for the PlayStation 4 .
Guy Lacourt ( 7 August 1910 -- 15 August 1984 ) was a French film director, assistant director and unit production manager.
Live at Leeds is a live album by John Martyn.
Revelations of Divine Love is a medieval book of Christian mystical devotions.
Begunkodor railway station is a railway station of Ranchi railway division of the South Eastern Railway zone of the Indian Railways.
Huge Hits 99  is a compilation album released in 1999 .
Kauwa Ban Kataiya  is a village development committee in Parsa District in the Narayani Zone of southern Nepal.
Servicio de Inteligencia Naval ( Naval Intelligence Service ) is the intelligence agency of the Argentine Navy.
Ghost Thief is the eighth studio album by the Christian metal band, Living Sacrifice.
Óscar González-Quevedo Bruzón ( December 15 , 1930 -- January 9 , 2019 ) was a Spanish-born Brazilian Jesuit priest.
All Fowled Up is a 1955 Looney Tunes animated short film starring Foghorn Leghorn.
Got to Find a Way is a 1974 studio album by Curtis Mayfield.
Wallace & Gromit: The Best of Aardman Animation is a 1996 compilation film featuring previous Wallace and Gromit shorts.
Luka and the Fire of Life is a novel by Salman Rushdie.
Bread and Circuses is the third studio album by The View.
Winston Churchill High School in San Antonio, Texas is part of the North East Independent School District.
Percival Spencer Umfreville ( Spencer ) Pickering ( 6 March 1858 -- 5 December 1920 ) was a British chemist and horticulturist.
The UCF Knights women's soccer program represents the University of Central Florida in National Collegiate Athletics Association ( NCAA ) Division I.
Lünen Power Station is a coal-fired power station in Germany.
The Memorial University of Newfoundland Botanical Garden is operated by Memorial University of Newfoundland in St.
When HARLIE Was One is a 1972 science fiction novel by American writer David Gerrold.
Nightfreak and the Sons of Becker is a "mini-album" by The Coral.
Richard Wilson ( 29 April 1926 -- 19 May 2018 ) was a British-American physicist.
The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack is an American animated television series created for Cartoon Network by Thurop Van Orman.
Masterminds is a 1997 action comedy film starring Patrick Stewart and Vincent Kartheiser.
Grey Eye Glances is an American band from the Philadelphia area.
Sardar Jhandir railway station  is located in Pakistan.
Shujiao is a female given name of Chinese origin.
The  2010 Levene Gouldin & Thompson Tennis Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.
Miss Macedonia is a national beauty pageant in North Macedonia.
Go Down Records is an independent record label based in Savignano sul Rubicone, Italy.
Sex and the Single Ghost is a paranormal romance novel by Tawny Taylor.
Donald O. Bair ( March 9 , 1903 -- October 27 , 1973 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
Lita Indzel Cohen ( born December 20 , 1940 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
Predrag Manojlović is a former water polo player.
Off to the Revolution by a 2 CV is a  2001  Italian comedy film directed by Maurizio Sciarra.
Swazi Observer is a newspaper in the Kingdom of Eswatini.
Narratives of Islamic Origins: The Beginnings of Islamic Historical Writing is a 1998 book by historiographer of early Islam Fred Donner.
Great Phone Calls Featuring Neil Hamburger is a 1992 album by alternative comedian Neil Hamburger.
The Great Spectacular is the first Dixie Dregs album.
The  2018 Triple J Hottest 100  was announced on 27 January 2019 .
Chak 118 GB, Jallandhar Sufaid Poshan is a medium-sized village in Tehsil Jaranwala, District Faisalabad.
A Walnut Tree is a Pakistani documentary film by Ammar Aziz.
Dungeness railway station is a station on the Romney, Hythe and Dymchurch Railway on Romney Marsh in Kent.
The Clerk’s Twa Sons o Owsenford is Child ballad 72 .
Bella ( March 25 , 1899 -- April 27 , 1990 ) and Samuel Spewack ( September 16 , 1899 -- October 14 , 1971 ) were a husband-and-wife writing team.
Cambridge Judge Business School is the business school of the University of Cambridge.
Primary Colors is the fourth studio album by Japanese J-pop band Day After Tomorrow.
Oil Region Astronomical Observatory is an astronomical observatory owned and operated by Oil Region Astronomical Society.
Johann Friedrich Schleusner ( 16 January 1759 -- 21 February 1831 ) was a German Protestant theologian.
The  1954 FIFA World Cup Final was the final match of the 1954 FIFA World Cup, the fifth World Cup in FIFA history.
Machines at War is a real-time strategy video game developed by Isotope 244 .
Chandrashekhar Dubey ( 4 September 1924 in Kannod 28 September 1993 ) commonly referred as C.
Walter Garrett Riddick ( September 13 , 1883 -- July 31 , 1953 ) was a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit.
She Asked for It is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Erle C. Kenton and written by Frederick J. Jackson and Theodore Reeves.
The First Lady of the Dominican Republic is the spouse of the President of the Dominican Republic.
Clown Prince of the Menthol Trailer is a 1994 EP by Guided by Voices.
William J. Kershaw was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate and the Wisconsin State Assembly.
The BAFTA Award for Best British Screenplay was a British Academy Film Award from 1954 to 1967 .
The Maine Department of Defense, Veterans, and Emergency Management ( DVEM ) is a government agency of Maine.
Tak Oi Secondary School is a girl's secondary school situated in Tsz Wan Shan, Hong Kong.
Exorcising the blind and mute man is one of the miracles of Jesus in the Gospels.
The South Wales Record Society is a text publication society.
The King’s Disguise, and Friendship with Robin Hood is Child ballad 151 .
Coat of arms of the Lordship of BorculoGisbert VI of Bronckhorst-Borculo ( 1 November 1409 ) was a Dutch nobleman.
The  1987 Football League Second Division play-off Final was contested by Leeds United and Charlton Athletic.
The Melgaço Museum of Cinema is a museum located in Melgaço.
Captiva School and Chapel-by-the-Sea Historic District is a national historic district located at Captiva, Florida in Lee County.
Aaron Berechiah ben Moses ben Nehemiah of Modena was an Italian cabalist, who died in 1639 .
Qulensya Wa Abd Al Kuri District is one of two districts of the Socotra Governorate, Yemen.
Biggleswade Rugby Club is a semi-pro rugby union team from Bedfordshire.
The Popular Party was a political party in British Guiana.
The Pavilion of Dreams is the second album from composer Harold Budd.
Hals über Kopf  is a German television series.
Pilar Sánchez Cervi ( born 6 January 1982 ) is a Spanish field hockey player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
The Fight Between Carnival and Lent is an oil-on-panel work painted by Pieter Bruegel the Elder in 1559 .
Metal Gear Solid: The Legacy Collection is a video game compilation released exclusively for the PlayStation 3 .
Hong Kong Resurgence Order is a localist political organisation in Hong Kong.
Dragoljub Popović ( born 25 July 1951 ) is a Serbian judge born in Belgrade and currently the Judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Serbia.
National Unity Party of the Tribes of Afghanistan is a political party in Afghanistan, led by Nasrullah Barakzai.
The Dyke and the Dybbuk is a 1993 novel by Ellen Galford.
The Bullet is Not for Firing is the fourth episode of the third series of the British comedy series Dad's Army.
The Lausanne Football and Cricket Club was a Swiss association football and cricket club.
Bruce Ewen Culpan is a former New Zealand rower.
Our Lady of the Mount Catholic Church in Honolulu is a parish of the Roman Catholic Church of Hawaii in the United States.
Sum Practysis of Medecyne and other Short Works consists of a number of short poetic works customarily accredited to the Scottish poet Robert Henryson.
Merry Christmas from Harmony Ranch is a studio recording released by the Western band Riders in the Sky in 1992 .
The Lionel Hampton Art Tatum Buddy Rich Trio is a 1955 album by Lionel Hampton, Art Tatum and Buddy Rich for Norman Granz' Clef Records.
Fanny Duarte is a Dominican Republic female badminton player.
The  2004 Pepsi 400  was the twentieth race of the 2004 NASCAR Nextel Cup Series season.
Music Pets Love: While You Are Gone is a specialty CD by Bradley Joseph on the Robbins Island Music label.
Out of the Blues: The Best of David Bromberg is a compilation album by American multi-instrumentalist and singer-songwriter David Bromberg, released by Columbia Records in 1977 .
Mehmet Ali Yalım ( 1 April 1929 28 January 1992 ) was a Turkish basketball player.
Luitzen Egbertus Jan Brouwer ( 27 February 1881 -- 2 December 1966 ) , usually cited as L.
Combat Mission: Battle for Normandy ( CMBN ) is a video game in the Combat Mission series.
The Bandit of Hell's Bend is a Western fiction novel by American writer Edgar Rice Burroughs.
Club Sportivo Ben Hur is an Argentine sports club from Rafaela, Santa Fe Province.
Virgil L. Fabian is an American television director and producer.
Carol Cymbala is the choir director for the Brooklyn Tabernacle Choir.
The Sahrawi National Council ( SNC ) or Sahrawi Parliament is the legislature of the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic.
Shadow of a Doubt is a 1943 film directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
María Enma Botet Dubois ( 10 August 1903 ?? )
Penn-Jersey Spirit played in the American Professional Soccer League in 1990 and 1991 .
Open Up Your Love is an album by The Whispers.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Nuevo Laredo is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Monterrey.
In the Fishtank 7  features Low and Dirty Three.
Naughty or Nice is an American television film starring George Lopez and James Kirk.
Kincardineshire was a constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of Great Britain from 1708 to 1801 and of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1801 to 1918 .
The Territorial and Reserve Forces Act 1907  ( 7 Edw.
Young Samurai: The Way of the Sword is a children's historical novel by Chris Bradford, published in 2009 .
The Name is a 1995 play by the Norwegian writer Jon Fosse.
Trinidad and Tobago competed at the  1962 British Empire and Commonwealth Games in Perth, Western Australia, from 22 November to 1 December 1962 .
Tropical Storm Grace was a weak tropical storm that struck Texas in the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season.
Two Seater and Retro Glider Aerobatic Cup Zbraslavice is a special combined aerobatic competition, held at Zbraslavice Airport in the Czech Republic.
Richard François Philippe Brunck ( 30 December 1729 -- 12 June 1803 ) was a French classical scholar.
The Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families was a Cabinet minister post in the United Kingdom.
Boy from New York City and Other Hits is a compilation album released by The Manhattan Transfer in 1997 on the Flashback Records label.
My Fake Fiancé is a 2009 television film starring Melissa Joan Hart and Joey Lawrence.
Just a Couple of Days is the debut novel by author Tony Vigorito.
Souls for Sables is a 1925 silent film directed by James C. McKay and starring Claire Windsor.
Gediminas Marcišauskas ( born 1 January 1982 ) is a Lithuanian rugby union player.
United States Senate Committee on Civil Service is a defunct committee of the United States Senate.
Hartgert "Harrie" Langman ( 23 February 1931 -- 1 August 2016 ) was a Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy ( VVD ) .
Candamir: The First Settlers is a German board game.
Ernst Friedrich Wilhelm Klinkerfues ( 29 March 1827 in Hofgeismar 28 January 1884 in Göttingen ) was a German astronomer and meteorologist.
Murdoch Cameron ( 31 March 1847 -- 28 April 1930 ) was Regius Professor of Obstetrics and Gynaecology at the University of Glasgow from 1894 to 1926 .
Tianping rolling stock depot is the rolling stock depot of Line 1 , Suzhou Rail Transit.
Saint John the Evangelist is a painting by the Italian Baroque painter Domenichino.
The Simpsons Wrestling is a fighting video game based on the animated television series The Simpsons.
The Very Best of Kim Wilde is a compilation album by Kim Wilde.
Morden is a London Underground station in Morden in the London Borough of Merton.
Antonio Cagnoni ( 8 February 1828 30 April 1896 ) was an Italian composer.
Someday Angeline is a children's novel by Louis Sachar.
The Minister for Culture and the Arts is a position in the Cabinet of Western Australia.
Take Fountain is the sixth studio album by The Wedding Present.
James Peter Robson is the team doctor for the Scotland national rugby union team.
The Gayang Bridge crosses the Han River in South Korea and connects the Gangseo District and Mapo District.
The Man Who Rocked the Earth is a science fiction novel written in 1915 by Arthur C. Train and Robert W. Wood.
No Escape from the Blues: The Electric Lady Sessions is an album by American guitarist James Blood Ulmer recorded in and released on the Hyena label in 2003 .
Eliza S. Craven Green ( 10 December 1803 -- 11 March 1866 ) was an English poet.
Du vet väl om att du är värdefull is a Christian song written and composed by Ingemar Olsson.
Septerra Core: Legacy of the Creator is a role-playing video game developed by Valkyrie Studios and published by Monolith Productions.
Ilir Luarasi ( 12 March 1954 -- 17 January 2018 ) was an Albanian retired football player.
William Sherard ( 27 February 1659 -- 11 August 1728 ) was an English botanist.
Arun Banks is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest north of Arundel in West Sussex.
Charlotta von Liewen ( 12 October 1683 10 January 1735 ) was a politically active Swedish countess.
Mainstream is the third and final studio album released by Lloyd Cole and the Commotions.
Walter L. Ward Jr. was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
The President and Directors of Georgetown College is the governing body of Georgetown University in Washington, D.C.
The Positively True Adventures of the Alleged Texas Cheerleader-Murdering Mom is a 1993 comedy television film produced by and for HBO.
Riccardo Steinleitner ( 10 January 1915 May 1998 ) was an Italian rower.
Église de Pantin is a station of the Paris Métro, serving Line 5 .
Fruit Ninja: Puss in Boots is a video game developed by Halfbrick Studios.
Ense petit placidam sub libertate quietem is a Latin passage and the official motto of the U.S. Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the University of Massachusetts Amherst.
Mikhail Kutuzov was a light cruiser project no.
TERA ( short for The Exiled Realm of Arborea ) is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game ( MMORPG ) developed by Bluehole Studio.
The Gulf Coast League Red Sox are the rookie level Minor League Baseball affiliate of the Boston Red Sox.
Sunshine Superman: 18 Songs of Love and Freedom is a compilation album from Scottish singer-songwriter Donovan.
Polo Welfring ( 10 April 1926 28 January 1993 ) was a Luxembourgian gymnast.
Babul Ka Aangann Chootey Na is an Indian television series which aired on Sony Entertainment Television India.
G L Roberts Collegiate and Vocational Institute is located in Oshawa, Ontario within the Durham District School Board.
The  2014 Festival Luxembourgeois du cyclisme féminin Elsy Jacobs was the seventh edition of a women's road racing event in Luxembourg.
Jean-Paul Racine ( 8 February 1928 -- 13 January 1988 ) was a Liberal party member of the House of Commons of Canada.
Stener Johannes Stenersen ( 15 July 1835 -- 7 July 1904 ) was a Norwegian veterinarian.
Ruth Maleczech ( January 8 , 1939 -- September 30 , 2013 ) was an American avant-garde stage actress.
Songs for the Late Night Drive Home is the third studio album from Anchor & Braille.
Çekirdek ve Makara is a documentary film by Tayfun Belet made in 2015 .
The Sexual Life of Savages in North-Western Melanesia is a 1929 book by anthropologist Bronisław Malinowski.
Sándor Mazány ( 16 March 1923 20 October 2012 ) was a Hungarian alpine skier.
Songs of paradise: a harvest of poetry and verse is a 2009 collection of 52 poems by Ugandan poet James Munange Ogoola.
Chillara is a village in Burhanpur district of Madhya Pradesh state of India.
François Dominique de Barberie de Saint-Contest ( 26 January 1701 -- 14 July 1754 ) was a French Foreign Minister.
Albertine in Five Times is a play by Michel Tremblay.
Epic/Sony Records is a Japanese record label owned by Sony Music Entertainment Japan.
The Black Session: Paris, 10 May 2011  is a live album by English rock band Wire.
The Haunted Stars is a science fiction novel by American writer Edmond Hamilton.
East Timor first competed at the Asian Games in 2002 .
Pier Solar and the Great Architects is a homebrew role-playing video game developed and published by WaterMelon for the Sega Genesis.
The XI International Brigade fought for the Spanish Second Republic in the Spanish Civil War.
Just like a Woman is a 1939 British comedy film directed by Paul L. Stein and starring Felix Aylmer, Jeanne de Casalis and Fred Emney.
The Romanian Figure Skating Championships is a figure skating competition held annually to crown the national championships of Romania.
Rudy Dewayne Woods ( October 12 , 1959 -- January 28 , 2016 ) was an American professional basketball player.
Bessemer City High School is a high school in the Gaston County Schools school district located in Bessemer City, NC.
Life and Live is a live album by Xiu Xiu.
The Moslem League of the Western Province was a political party in the Western Province, Eritrea.
The National Bank of Kazakhstan is the central bank of Kazakhstan.
The Manchurian Candidate is a political thriller novel by Richard Condon.
Richard Hartshorne ( February 29 , 1888 -- September 14 , 1975 ) was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey.
The Sound of a Voice is a 1983 play by American playwright David Henry Hwang.
Two Letter Words is a live album by Richard Thompson.
Senahú is a municipality of the Department of Alta Verapaz in the Republic of Guatemala.
The Rivière Fond Bourlet is a river of Martinique.
Whitburn Church of England Academy is a secondary school in Whitburn, South Tyneside.
The Happiest Day in the Life of Olli Mäki is a 2016 Finnish drama film directed by Juho Kuosmanen.
The Florida State University College of Human Sciences is the human sciences school of the Florida State University.
Lee A. Gorman was a member of the Michigan Senate.
Abdülhak Şinasi Hisar ( March 14 , 1887 in Istanbul May 3 , 1963 in Istanbul ) was a Turkish writer.
Haunt the Upper Hallways is a 2009 album by The Declining Winter.
The Kayin State Democracy and Development Party ( KSDDP ) is a political party in Myanmar.
The  2008 Bausch & Lomb Championships was the 29 th edition of that tennis tournament and was played on outdoor clay courts.
Billy Joel in Concert is a concert tour by the American singer-songwriter Billy Joel.
Georgina Morrison is a former female co-convenor of the Green Party of Aotearoa New Zealand.
The Films, Videos, and Publications Classification Act 1993  is an Act of Parliament in New Zealand.
Tecmo Super Bowl III: Final Edition is a football video game released on the Super Nintendo Entertainment System and the Sega Genesis.
The economy of the Dominican Republic is the ninth largest economy in Latin America, and is the largest in the Caribbean and Central America region.
Conquers Your Love is the second studio album by Praga Khan.
Titãs -- A Vida Até Parece Uma Festa ( lit.
The Social Green Regionalist Federation is a Chilean political party.
Lewis Riggs ( January 16 , 1789 -- November 6 , 1870 ) was a U.S.
Charlotte Dome is a granite dome in California's Kings Canyon National Park.
Lewis T. Mittness, Jr. was a former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
6 Years, 6 Feet Under the Influence is the first compilation album by horror themed punk band Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13 .
Christchurch the Music is a New Zealand compilation album released in 2005 .
Shelter Island Conference on Quantum Mechanics in Valence Theory was held in 1951 .
She Done Him Right is a 1933 short animated cartoon by Walter Lantz Productions.
You Live and Learn is a 1937 comedy film directed by Arthur B.
Return Of The Folkstar is the studio album by Nishawn Bhullar released on 15 June 2012 .
Philip Speakman Webb ( 12 January 1831 -- 17 April 1915 ) was an English architect sometimes called the Father of Arts and Crafts Architecture.
Sole and the Skyrider Band is the first studio album by Sole and the Skyrider Band.
Immaculate Memories: The Uncluttered Worlds of Christopher Pratt is a Canadian documentary film, directed by Kenneth J. Harvey and released in 2018 .
The Ministry of Information and Communications Technology is a cabinet ministry of Uganda.
In Love and Death is the second studio album by American rock band The Used.
Yesmín M. Valdivieso Galib is the current Comptroller of Puerto Rico.
They represented San Marino at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Malta.
Live Classics is a live album by Little River Band.
Lives of the Saints is a novel by Nino Ricci.
Top Gear: Dare Devil is a racing video game for the Sony PlayStation 2 .
Paradox is a relational database management system currently published by Corel Corporation.
The Dominican Republic national baseball team is the national baseball team of the Dominican Republic.
The Cape May City Rail Terminal is a passenger train station in Cape May, New Jersey.
Christopher Erskin is a music video director and film director.
Still Restless: The Lost Tapes is a 1999 album by Skydiggers.
Eyes to the Sun is the first studio album by alternative rock band Sparks the Rescue.
467 Squadron RAAF was a Royal Australian Air Force bomber squadron, active over North West Europe during World War II.
Maiden Castle is an Iron Age promontory fort in Durham, England.
Hok Yuen Laguna Verde is one of the 24 constituencies in the Kowloon City District of Hong Kong which was created in 1991 .
The  1976 United States Senate election in New Mexico took place on November 2 , 1976 .
Becky Corbin is a former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
Yeghishe Manoukian College is an Armenian college in Lebanon.
Lotte and the Moonstone Secret is a 2011 Estonian animated film directed by Heiki Ernits and Janno Põldma.
The World Day to Combat Desertification and Drought is a United Nations observance each June 17 .
The Port of Peril is a science fiction novel by American writer Otis Adelbert Kline.
The Life of a Song is the debut studio album from the country music duo Joey + Rory.
Dream Daddy: A Dad Dating Simulator is a visual novel video game released on July 20 , 2017 for Microsoft Windows and macOS, and on September 22 , 2017 for Linux.
Oscar Ludvig Stoud Platou ( 16 July 1845 -- 17 January 1929 ) was a Norwegian jurist.
Thalía con banda: Grandes éxitos is a 2001 compilation album by Thalía.
Stephan Rose is a boxer from Guyana who participated in the 1991 Pan American Games.
Love, Power, Peace: Live at the Olympia, Paris, 1971  is a live album by James Brown.
The Mystery of the Druids is a single-player adventure video game developed by House of Tales and published by cdv Software Entertainment.
Lucius Venuleius Apronianus Octavius Priscus was a Roman senator of the second century.
Wolfie the Seawolf is the mascot of Stony Brook University.
Tropical Storm Agatha was the deadliest tropical cyclone to form during the 1992 Pacific hurricane season.
Star Wars: The New Jedi Order -- Vector Prime is a science fiction novel by American writer R. A. Salvatore and published in 1999 .
Star Wars: Dawn of the Jedi is an American comic book series set in the Star Wars universe.
The Weston Playhouse Theater Company is a theatre company in Vermont, United States of America.
Invicta Dynamos are the senior ice hockey team based in Gillingham in Kent.
James May's Things You Need to Know is a British television series presented by Top Gear presenter James May.
The Battle of Kings Norton was fought on 17 October 1642 .
Some Kind of a Nut is a 1969 American comedy film written and directed by Garson Kanin and starring Dick Van Dyke, Angie Dickinson and Rosemary Forsyth.
The Battle of Chelsea Creek was the second military engagement of the Boston campaign of the American Revolutionary War.
George Calhoun Crowther ( January 26 , 1849 -- March 18 , 1914 ) was a U.S.
Certified Blue is the fourteenth studio album by Australian rock band The Black Sorrows.
The Kharkiv State School of Art is an educational institution in Kharkiv, Ukraine.
"The Woman who Rode Away" is a short story by D. H. Lawrence.
A shell and tube heat exchanger is a class of heat exchanger designs.
Live at the Rainbow is an album by Iron Maiden.
Victoria Steele is a Democratic member of the Arizona State Senate representing District 9 since January 14 , 2019 .
When I Was a Boy is a 1993 album by Jane Siberry.
Klondike: The Quest for Gold was a Canadian documentary television series.
Edward F. Burns Jr. ( January 28 , 1931 -- January 10 , 2019 ) was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
Live Is My Jumby is a live album by Boston trio The Slip.
Mwajuma Hassan Khamis is a Member of Parliament in the National Assembly of Tanzania.
Concerto: One Night in Central Park is a live album by Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli.
At Play in the Fields of the Lord is a 1965 novel by Peter Matthiessen.
Modestas Vaičiulis ( born April 11 , 1989 ) is a Lithuanian cross-country skier since 2007 .
Eden Mill Nature Center is a nature center in Pylesville, Maryland.
The Church of St. George in Tovarnik is Serbian Orthodox church in eastern Croatia built in 1799 .
Robinvale Irrigation District Section C is a locality in the local government area of the Rural City of Swan Hill.
Fine and Mellow: Live at Birdland West is a 1988 live album by Carmen McRae.
The Estonian Rescue Board is a government agency under the Ministry of the Interior of Estonia.
The Herzegovina-Neretva Canton is one of 10 cantons of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Basketball at the  1997 Games of the Small States of Europe was held from 2 to 7 June 1997 in Iceland.
Aldea del Fresno is a municipality of the autonomous community of the Community of Madrid in central Spain.
Fang Ziyi ( 21 January 1917 -- 17 March 2015 ) was a major general in the People's Liberation Army Air Force of China.
Play It Strange is a 2010 album by The Fresh & Onlys.
Constantin Marie Le Paige ( 9 March 1852 -- 26 January 1929 ) was a Belgian mathematician.
The Hound of the Baskervilles is the third of four Sherlock Holmes novels written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
The Church of Scientology: A History of a New Religion is a 2011 book about the history of the Church of Scientology by Hugh B.
Sabir Ali Baloch was the Deputy Chairman of the Senate of Pakistan from 12 March 2012 to 12 March 2015 , serving in the Senate from March 2009 to March 2015 .
Austria took part in the first Eurovision Dance Contest in  2007 .
The  1954 Swiss Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at Bremgarten on 22 August 1954 .
Liard River Corridor Provincial Park and Protected Area is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.
Theodore Fritz ( born August 27 , 1851 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate.
William Winter Payne ( January 2 , 1807 -- September 2 , 1874 ) was a U.S.
The Movement of Popular Participation is a Uruguayan political party.
The Best of Morrissey is a 2001 compilation album by Morrissey.
Kiss in the Blue is a Japanese manga series by Kaho Miyasaka.
The Power To Believe Tour Box is a live album by King Crimson.
Ice hockey competitions at the Southeast Asian Games was first held at the 2017 Southeast Asian Games in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
Live at the Point is a live album by Seattle musician Shawn Smith.
← Dominion of India ← French India ← Portuguese India
CS Sportul Studenţesc Bucharest is an ice hockey team in Bucharest, Romania.
A Monster and a Half is a  1964  Italian comedy film directed by Steno.
A Yank on the Burma Road is a 1942 drama film directed by George B. Seitz and starring Laraine Day and Barry Nelson.
The Terminator: Dawn of Fate is a video game based on the Terminator film series.
RKS Skra Stadium is a rugby union stadium in Warsaw, Poland.
The Cherry Orchard is a play by Anton Chekhov.
Camas Prairie Centennial Marsh Wildlife Management Area at is an Idaho wildlife management area in Camas County south of the community of Hill City.
Kurmitola Golf Club is a golf club in Dhaka Cantonment, Bangladesh.
Lee I-yang ( born 16 December 1947 ) is a Taiwanese politician of the Democratic Progressive Party ( DPP ) .
General Sir Samuel Benjamin Auchmuty ( 28 April 1780 -- 30 April 1868 ) was an Anglo-Irish soldier.
The  2019 Red Bull Air Race World Championship is the fourteenth and final Red Bull Air Race World Championship series.
Spirit of Live is the first live album by the progressive metal band Vanden Plas.
The  1909 Grand Prix season was the fourth Grand Prix racing season.
Sam and the Firefly is a children's book by P. D. Eastman.
Sovetskaya Belorussiya -- Belarus Segodnya is a daily newspaper in Belarus.
Live in the Studio 1979  is a live album by English gothic rock band Bauhaus.
The Department of the Army Historical Advisory Committee was established in January 1947 within the United States Army.
Lost Somewhere Between the Earth and My Home is the debut studio album by American alternative country band the Geraldine Fibbers.
The  2003 UNCAF Nations Cup was an association football tournament.
You Ruined My Life is a 1987 television film directed by David Ashwell.
Mongolian National Olympic Committee is the National Olympic Committee representing Mongolia.
The  2018 Army Black Knights football team represented the United States Military Academy in the 2018 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
Red Rain is a 2012 horror novel by R. L. Stine.
Shaneka T. Henson ( born July 29 , 1983 ) is a Democratic member of the Maryland House of Delegates appointed in May 2019 to replace the late Michael E. Busch.
Tracy A. Thompson is Chief of Staff of the United States Army Reserve Command.
Stade Malien de Sikasso is a Malian football club.
The Keys of the Kingdom is a  1941 novel by A. J. Cronin.
Things That Matter: Three Decades of Passions, Pastimes and Politics is a nonfiction book by Charles Krauthammer.
Emily O'Brien is a Republican member of the North Dakota House of Representatives from the 42 nd district.
George Tutoveanu ( born Gheorghe Ionescu 30 November 1872 -- 18 August 1957 ) was a Romanian poet.
Through the Years: The Best of the Fray is a compilation album by American rock band the Fray.
Château de Vincennes is a station of the Paris Métro.
The Committee for the Five Northern Korean Provinces ( literally "The North's Five Provinces Committee" ) is a South Korean government body under the Ministry of Security and Public Administration.
Saint Anthony Abbot Tempted by a Heap of Gold is a painting by the 15 th-century Sienese painter known as the Master of the Osservanza.
The Uzbekistani Chess Championship is a chess tournament held in Uzbekistan.
The Gift of the Gods Championship is a professional wrestling championship promoted by Lucha Underground.
The Best of Roald Dahl is a collection of 25 of Roald Dahl's short stories.
The Narrow Scope of Things is the second album by the Christian rock band Embodyment.
Man of the Forest ( Tkis kaci ) Mikheil Javakhishvili story.
Aberdeen Ferryhill TMD is a railway traction maintenance depot in Aberdeen, Scotland.
Ulysses Against the Son of Hercules is a 1962 peplum film directed by Mario Caiano.
Sometimes the Blues Is Just a Passing Bird is an EP by Swedish musician The Tallest Man on Earth.
Shirley Brannock Jones ( June 29 , 1925 -- May 23 , 2019 ) was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Maryland.
Alfred Labouchere ( 19 January 1867 24 January 1953 ) was a Dutch fencer.
The Emirati Chess Championship is organized by the United Arab Emirates Chess Federation.
Team Athletics Saint Vincent & The Grenadines ( TASVG ) is the governing body for the sport of athletics in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
Sven Pippig ( 27 May 1963 -- 25 September 2013 ) was a German actor.
Mélidore et Phrosine is an opera by the French composer Étienne Méhul.
Mirsada Burić ( born 8 April 1970 ) is a Bosnia and Herzegovina long-distance runner.
Vancouver Quadra is a federal electoral district in the Metro Vancouver region of British Columbia, Canada.
Gotham: A History of New York City to 1898  is a non-fiction book by historians Edwin G. Burrows and Mike Wallace.
The Wrightsville Unit is an Arkansas Department of Correction prison in Wrightsville, Arkansas.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 2231  was a resolution endorsing the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action on the nuclear program of Iran.
My Days in the Underworld: Rise of the Bangalore Mafia is an autobiographical book written by Agni Sreedhar.
The House on the Roof is a murder mystery novel written by Mignon G. Eberhart.
And There Will Be a Next Time... Live from Detroit is the third live album and fourth live release from the band Def Leppard.
Love Is Not Pop is an album by El Perro del Mar.
Gooney Bird and the Room Mother is a 2005 novel by Lois Lowry.
Norrish Creek is a tributary of the Fraser River.
Cover for album Celebrate: The Three Dog Night Story, 1965 -- 1975  by Three Dog Night.
The Association Live is the first live album by The Association.
The position of Lord Mayor of Stoke-on-Trent is largely ceremonial.
Ceylon Medical College was a public medical school in Ceylon.
Falls of the Ohio State Park is a state park in Indiana.
In God We Trust is a play written by Avaes Mohammad.
The Ateneo Professional Schools Library  ( abbreviated as APSL ) is an academic library of the Ateneo Professional Schools of the Ateneo de Manila University.
The Ikhwan raid on Busayya in Iraq occurred on November 5 , 1927 .
Broadway Junction  is a New York City Subway station complex shared by the elevated BMT Canarsie Line and BMT Jamaica Line, and the underground IND Fulton Street Line.
The Queen Emma Bridge is a pontoon bridge across St.
Sir Ian Charles Athfield ( 15 July 1940 -- 16 January 2015 ) was a New Zealand architect.
Figure skating was competed at the  2013 European Youth Olympic Winter Festival.
The Unexpurgated Code: A Complete Manual of Survival & Manners is a 1975 non-fiction humorous book by J. P. Donleavy.
Dwarf Mountain Alphabet is an album by Joy Electric.
U pokladny stál...  is a Czech comedy film.
Hans Henrik Palm ( born 19 July 1956 in Kgs.
Papua New Guinea competed at the  1984 Summer Paralympics in Stoke Mandeville and New York City.
Jean Badal ( 7 March 1927 9 October 2015 ) was a Hungarian-born French cinematographer.
The Lok Kalyan Marg Metro Station is located on the Yellow Line of the Delhi Metro.
In Full Swing is the fourth studio album by Seth MacFarlane.
Friday Night Lights: A Town, a Team, and a Dream is a 1990 non-fiction book written by H. G. Bissinger.
Professor Zeyaur R. Khan is a Principal Scientist at International Centre of Insect Physiology and Ecology ( icipe ) .
The Vidhan Sabha Metro Station is located on the Yellow Line of the Delhi Metro.
Molecular Biology of the Cell is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Society for Cell Biology.
Bogislaw VI, Duke of Pomerania ( 7 March 1393 ) was duke of Pomerania-Wolgast.
Robert Andrew Howie ( 4 June 1923 -- 10 March 2012 ) was a notable English petrologist.
Montazeri Technical University of Mashhad is a University in Mashhad, Iran.
The coat of arms of Botswana was adopted on 25 January 1966 .
Herbert Edward John Cowdrey ( 29 November 1926 -- 4 December 2009 ) , published under H.
Dark Bird Is Home is the fourth LP by The Tallest Man on Earth.
Tonight You Look Like a Spider is the debut album of David Yow, released on June 25 , 2013 by Joyful Noise Recordings.
Diaries of an Internet Lover is a book by television presenter and journalist Dawn Porter.
Mr and Mrs Bo Jo Jones is a 1967 novel written by Ann Head.
Norbert Eschmann ( 19 September 1933 -- 13 May 2009 |sports ) was a Swiss-French footballer.
European Journal of Health Law is published by Brill Publishers.
Marshall Heights is a residential neighborhood in Southeast Washington, D.C.
Scribblenauts Unmasked: A DC Comics Adventure is a puzzle video game by 5 th Cell.
Matt Hazard: Blood Bath and Beyond is a downloadable video game for the PlayStation Network and Xbox Live Arcade.
O Filme ao vivo em Natal is the first live album by the Brazilian band Cavaleiros do Forró, released in 2005 .
Jean-Claude Baker ( April 18 , 1943 -- January 15 , 2015 ) was a French-American restaurateur.
District 9  is a 2009 science fiction film directed by Neill Blomkamp.
Pinball Hall of Fame: The Gottlieb Collection is a pinball video game developed by FarSight Studios and published by Crave Entertainment.
San José del Rincón is a municipality in the State of Mexico.
Ski jumping at the 2017 Winter Universiade was held in Sunkar International Ski Jumping Complex from 1 to 5 February, 2017 .
The Florida Gators women's soccer team represents the University of Florida in the sport of college soccer.
Ekstasis is the second studio album by the American musician Julia Holter.
Died for Your Sins is a compilation album by the Avengers.
Tsuen Wan New Town is a new town in Hong Kong.
The UC Berkeley Symphony Orchestra is an orchestra of the University of California, Berkeley.
David Lynch: The Art Life is a 2016 documentary film directed by Jon Nguyen.
The Battle of Queenston Heights was the first major battle in the War of 1812 .
René Chénier is a Canadian film producer and an executive producer for the National Film Board of Canada.
Today Is A Beautiful Day is the second studio album by Japanese J-pop band Supercell, released on March 16 , 2011 by SME.
The North Dakota Department of Career and Technical Education is part of the government of the U.S. State of North Dakota.
Shaquille Barzey is a Saint Kitts and Nevis international footballer.
Robert Alfred Corbett ( born 14 December 1938 ) was a member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1978 to 1993 .
Atlético de San Juan FC are an association football club from San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Dark Holler: Old Love Songs and Ballads is a 2005 compilation album released by Smithsonian Folkways.
If is the fourth studio album by Mindless Self Indulgence.
The Great Seal of the State of North Dakota is the official seal of the U.S. state of North Dakota.
The Perfect Prescription is the second studio album by Spacemen 3 .
Vladimir Fran Mažuranić ( March 28 , 1859 -- August 21 , 1928 ) was Croatian writer.
Sergio Vacchi ( 1 April 1925 -- 14 January 2016 ) was an Italian painter.
Leroy DeLeon is a retired Trinidad and Tobago football striker who played in the North American Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League.
The Bells on Temple Square handbell choir is an official music organization of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
The Rim of the World Scenic Byway is an National Forest Scenic Byway through the San Bernardino National Forest in the U.S. state of California.
The Union of Toilers of Iran was a trade union organization in Iran.
The Magic School Bus at the Waterworks is the first book in The Magic School Bus series.
San Diego Yacht Club is a yacht club located in San Diego Bay.
Samajwadi Janata Dal Democratic was a political party in India.
Oral Selkridge ( born 20 August 1962 ) is an Antigua and Barbuda sprinter.
Robert Lucas Joiner ( November 6 , 1841 -- May 5 , 1920 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate.
Live at Park Ave. is a live album by The Gaslight Anthem.
The Brahmani River is a tributary of the Dwarka River.
The hiatus for lesser petrosal nerve is a hiatus in the petrous part of the temporal bone which transmits the lesser petrosal nerve.
Fourteen Thousand Three Hundred Eighty Four Days Later is a live album by Human Drama, released by the Triple X label in 1996 .
Art Brut Top of the Pops is a compilation album by the band Art Brut.
Jesse LeRoy Thomas ( May 23 , 1928 -- May 16 , 2012 ) was an American football player.
South Willingham and Hainton railway station was a station in South Willingham, Lincolnshire.
Gran Hermano Colombia is a reality television series produced by Endemol.
The  1942 Jacksonville Naval Air Station Flyers football team represented the Jacksonville Naval Air Station during the 1942 college football season.
Blenderhead was a punk rock band signed to Tooth & Nail Records.
Minneapolis–Saint Paul Joint Air Reserve Station is a United States Air Force base, located at Minneapolis–Saint Paul International Airport.
Myself < Letting Go is the debut album by metalcore band To Speak of Wolves.
The Buffalo River is the largest tributary of the Tugela River in South Africa.
Zwei Ärzte sind einer zu viel is a German television series.
William K. Willis / Scioto River High School is a high school in Delaware, Ohio.
DJ-Kicks: Stereo MCs is a DJ mix album, mixed by Stereo MCs.
Fast wia im richtigen Leben is a German television series.
A Crash Course in Roses is the fifth studio album by Catie Curtis, released on .
A Tree is Nice is a children's picture book written by Janice May Udry and illustrated by Marc Simont.
All Mixed Up is a remix album released by Gospel Gangstaz.
Cat Feud is a 1958 Merrie Melodies animated short film directed by Chuck Jones.
Gustaf von Psilander ( 16 August 1669 18 March 1738 ) was a Swedish Navy admiral.
Saving Grace was a Christian metal band from New Zealand.
Vardø Radio is a coast radio station at Vardø, Norway.
Dog City is the ninth studio album by Crack the Sky.
Clara Monti Danielsson ( born 30 January 1992 ) is a Swedish handball player.
The Israel Shooting Federation is the Israeli association for shooting sports under the International Practical Shooting Confederation and the International Shooting Sport Federation.
The Sardinian regional election of 1961  took place on 18 June 1961 .
Kool Keith Presents Thee Undatakerz is the only studio album by American horrorcore group Thee Undatakerz.
Pyongyang Medical University  is the top medical school in North Korea.
Marvin J. Roshell ( born October 27 , 1932 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate.
A Girl like Me is the second studio album by Barbadian singer Rihanna.
Clayton Daniel Fejedelem ( born June 2 , 1993 ) is an American football safety for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
The Darker the Night / The Brighter the Morning is the first studio album by American Christian musician Cody Carnes.
PAOK Kalou Choriou was a Cypriot association football club based in Kalo Chorio, Limassol, located in the Limassol District.
Simoi Peri is a Malaysian politician serving in the Sarawak State Legislative Assembly.
Teplice nad Metují is a small town in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
Music for Yoga Meditation and Other Joys is a 1968 album by Tony Scott.
Süskind is a Dutch war film directed by Rudolf van den Berg.
Twisted Records is a British record label that specialises in psychedelic trance music.
Cẩm Bình is former district of Hải Hưng Province.
Curse Ov Dialect is an alternative hip hop group based in Melbourne.
Peter Frank ( Pete ) Schabarum is a former member of the California State Assembly and the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors.
Johann Heinrich Hartmann Bätz ( 1 January 1709 -- 13 December 1770 ) was a German-Dutch organ builder.
Cloud, Castle, Lake is a short story anthology by Vladimir Nabokov.
A Scourge of Worlds: A Dungeons & Dragons Adventure is an animated film or interactive adventure.
Santa Kumar Tharu is a member of the 2 nd Nepalese Constituent Assembly.
The Communist Party of Canada is a federal political party in Canada.
George Augustus La Dow ( March 18 , 1826 -- May 1 , 1875 ) was a U.S.
Gustav Bartholin Hagen ( 12 February 1873 10 May 1941 ) was a Danish architect.
The  2009 Grand Prix SAR La Princesse Lalla Meryem was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts.
Janine M. Kern is a justice of the South Dakota Supreme Court.
The King in Yellow is the ninth studio album by The Dead Milkmen.
Joseph FewSmith ( January 7 , 1816 -- June 22 , 1888 ) was an American Presbyterian minister.
Scales of Justice is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh.
The Independent Republican Party of South Carolina was a political party of South Carolina during Reconstruction.
This article details the history of the Communist Party of China.
Yara van Kerkhof ( born 31 May 1990 ) is a Dutch short track speed skater.
Bill John Baker ( born February 9 , 1952 ) is the previous Principal Chief of the Cherokee Nation.
Thomas Marsh Forman ( January 4 , 1809 -- September 27 , 1875 ) was a prominent Confederate politician.
Pachi is the name of the mascot of the 2015 Pan American Games and the 2015 Parapan American Games.
The Voice of the People Party was a political party in Namibia.
The Bank of Finland is the central bank of Finland.
Stadionul Mircea Eliade is a football stadium in Moldova built in 2015 .
Forever the Tourist is a studio album by Daryl Braithwaite released in October 2013 .
The Dogs Act 1906  is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which deals with dogs.
The Guitar World According to Frank Zappa is a 1987 compilation album featuring guitar solos by Frank Zappa.
Janina Miščiukaitė School of Art is a public art school in Jonava, Lithuania.
Henri Cuvelier ( 1 June 1908 in Tourcoing -- 25 January 1937 ) was a French water polo player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.
Thelonious Monk Nonet Live In Paris 1967  is a live jazz album by Thelonious Monk on France's Concert Records LP FC- 113 , released in 1988 .
Théophile Funck-Brentano ( 21 August 1830 -- 23 January 1906 ) was a Luxembourgian-French sociologist.
Things My Girlfriend And I Have Argued About is a novel by English writer Mil Millington.
The Horlick Mountains are a mountain range in the Transantarctic Mountains of Antarctica.
Mineral Ridge High School is a public high school in Mineral Ridge, Ohio.
Ernest Louis of Hesse-Darmstadt ( 15 December 1667 -- 12 September 1739 ) was Landgrave of Hesse-Darmstadt from 1678 to 1739 .
Qualification for shooting at the 2020 Summer Paralympics begins from 1 January 2019 to 15 July 2020 .
Manila, Open City is a 1968 war film about the Battle of Manila in World War II.
Ant-Man and the Wasp ( Original Motion Picture Soundtrack )  is the film score for the Marvel Studios film Ant-Man and the Wasp.
Mercy Now is the fourth studio album by Mary Gauthier.
If My Ancestors Could See Me Now is the first solo album by Ivan Neville.
The Northern Ireland Women's Football Association ( NIWFA ) is the governing body of women's association football in Northern Ireland.
Roxana Briban ( 28 October 1971 -- 20 November 2010 ) was a Romanian operatic soprano.
Indochine, sur les traces d’une mère is a 2010 documentary film.
This Is What I Know About Being Gigantic  is the debut release from Minus the Bear.
The Dominican Campaign Medal is a military decoration of the United States Navy and United States Marine Corps which was created on December 29 , 1921 .
Super Stooges vs. the Wonder Women is a 1974 comedy film directed by Alfonso Brescia.
Play in Group B of the 1990 FIFA World Cup completed on 18 June 1990 .
José María Ignacio Montes de Oca y Obregón was a Mexican archbishop.
Getting to Happy is the sequel to Waiting to Exhale by author Terry McMillan.
Redemptive Film Festival is a film festival located in Virginia Beach, Virginia.
The National Development Act Repeal Act 1986  was an Act of Parliament in New Zealand that repealed the controversial National Development Act 1979 .
Jaragua National Park is a national park of the Dominican Republic.
The  2006 Phillip Island Superbike World Championship round was the second round of the 2006 Superbike World Championship season.
Stigg of the Dump is an underground hip hop producer based in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Pierre Henri Larcher ( 12 October 1726 -- 22 December 1812 ) was a French classical scholar and archaeologist.
National Good Neighbor Day is a national holiday in the United States.
Each Man Kills the Thing He Loves is the debut album from Gavin Friday following his exit from the Virgin Prunes.
The Secret Language of Birds is the third studio album by Jethro Tull frontman Ian Anderson, released in 2000 .
Rancho Alamitos High School is in Garden Grove, California.
Carl Ahasver von Sinner ( February 2 , 1754 -- April 25 , 1821 ) was a Bernese architect of the Louis XVI period.
The Kansas State Wildcats football team represents Kansas State University, in Manhattan Kansas.
Tyson Tan is a Chinese concept artist and character designer.
The Florida Atlantic University Marching Owls is the marching band at Florida Atlantic University.
Pekin Community High School District 303  is a school district in Pekin, Illinois.
Dog Lake is a lake in Yosemite National Park.
Kal pri Krmelju is a small settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia.
Jack Elliott Sings the Songs of Woody Guthrie is an album by American folk musician Ramblin' Jack Elliott, released in 1960 .
Susan Boyle in Concert is the first concert tour by singer Susan Boyle.
Somewhere in the Middle is Jason Boland & The Stragglers's fourth album.
The  2002 Pacific Life Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.
Robert La Caze ( 26 February 1917 -- 1 July 2015 ) was a Moroccan-French racing driver.
Mark Oberman ( born 24 September 1967 ) is an Australian water polo player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
The Glasgow Sharks is Australian rules football club in Glasgow, Scotland.
Nicolaes Eliaszoon Pickenoy ( 10 January 1588 1653 / 1656 ) was a Dutch painter of Flemish origin.
Le Compte Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Dorchester County, Maryland.
Turks in Spain refers to ethnic Turks living in Spain.
Annals of Rome is a turn-based strategy video game developed by Level 9 Computing and published by Personal Software Services.
Charles Thone ( January 4 , 1924 -- March 7 , 2018 ) was an American Republican politician.
Abdiweli Ibrahim Ali Sheikh Muudey is a Somali politician.
Night of the Living Dead Boys is a 1981 live album by Dead Boys.
ESPNU College Football is a broadcast of NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision and NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision college football on ESPNU.
Viktor von Lang ( 2 March 1838 -- 3 July 1921 ) was an Austrian chemist.
The Secret at Shadow Ranch is the fifth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series.
Old St. Nicholas Church or Wooden church in Javorani in Javorani is Serbian Orthodox church in Bosnia.
The Lord of the Rings Online: Riders of Rohan is the fourth expansion for the Massively multiplayer online role-playing game The Lord of the Rings Online.
Florence Wagman Roisman is the William F. Harvey Professor of Law at Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law.
Nick Carter va tout casser is a French action film starring Eddie Constantine as Nick Carter.
The Fountain of Indolence is an oil painting by the English artist J. M. W. Turner.
Dirty Jokes and Beer: Stories of the Unrefined is a 1997 book written by Drew Carey.
Jack Smith and the Destruction of Atlantis is a documentary film that premiered in the 2006 Tribeca Film Festival.
Just Like a Vacation is a 1999 live album by Blue Rodeo.
Unknown Rooms: A Collection of Acoustic Songs is a compilation album from American singer-songwriter Chelsea Wolfe.
Krunoslav Hulak ( 25 May 1951 -- 23 October 2015 ) was a Croatian chess master.
Humbug Mountain State Park is a state park located on the Oregon coast.
The  2017 Nigeria Women Premier League began on March 25 , 2017 .
The Secret War of Harry Frigg is a 1968 comedy film set in World War II.
Georgina Oliva Isern ( born 18 July 1990 ) is a Spanish field hockey midfielder who competed at the  2008  and 2016 Summer Olympics.
Patrick H. McEnroe was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War.
Nine Parts of Desire is a play written by Heather Raffo.
Nicola Mary Coughlan ( born 9 January 1987 ) is an Irish actress.
The Journal of Atmospheric and Oceanic Technology is a scientific publication by the American Meteorological Society.
Antonio Rodríguez de Hita ( 18 January 1722 -- 21 February 1787 ) was a Spanish composer.
This is a family tree of the main line of descent of Confucius .
Professor Mohit Ul Alam ( born 13 December 1952 in Chittagong ) is the former vice chancellor of Jatiya Kabi Kazi Nazrul Islam University at Trishal, Mymensingh.
The 28 th Moscow International Film Festival was held from 23 June to 2 July 2006 .
John Anders Johnson ( April 15 , 1832 -- November 10 , 1901 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.
The Coat of arms of Serbia , is the official coat of arms of the Republic of Serbia.
The Objectives Resolution was adopted by the Constituent Assembly of Pakistan on March 12 , 1949 .
Welcome to the Canteen is the first live album by English rock band Traffic.
Dry Creek railway station is located on the Gawler line.
The Last Sherlock Holmes Story is a Sherlock Holmes pastiche novel by Michael Dibdin.
The Monción Dam is an earth-fill embankment dam on the Mao River near Monción in Santiago Rodríguez Province of the Dominican Republic.
The Central Bank of Seychelles is the central bank of Seychelles.
Union Flat Creek is a long tributary of the Palouse River.
De Pere High School is a public high school located in De Pere, Wisconsin.
ASTA: The War of Tears and Winds ( Korean: 아스타 ) was a massively multiplayer online role-playing game created by South Korean developer Polygon Games.
Pierre Grillet ( 21 March 1932 -- 10 January 2018 ) was a French football striker.
The  2000 United States presidential election in New Hampshire took place on Election Day on November 7 , 2000 as part of the 2000 United States presidential election.
Harry Kristensen ( 26 April 1915 20 April 1982 ) was a Danish racewalker.
While My Pretty One Sleeps is a 1989 novel by Mary Higgins Clark.
Machina II/The Friends & Enemies of Modern Music is the sixth studio album by the American alternative rock band The Smashing Pumpkins.
Rush: Beyond the Lighted Stage is a 2010 documentary film directed by Scot McFadyen and Sam Dunn.
Juan de Fuca Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.
The approved post-nominal for a Fellow of the Australian Academy of the Humanities is FAHA.
Canciones de la Guerra Civil Española is the sixth album by the folk music artist Rolando Alarcón.
Lady Gaga: Queen of Pop is a biography of American singer Lady Gaga.
Harry the Dirty Dog is a children's book written by Gene Zion and illustrated by Margaret Bloy Graham.
Abdul Latif Mirza was a Bangladesh Awami League politician.
The Ministry of Assembly and Special Construction Works ( Minmontazhspetsstroy ) was a government ministry in the Soviet Union.
Home by Dawn is the fourth album by American singer-songwriter J.D.
The history of the National Football League on television documents the long history of the National Football League on television.
Liquid Acrobat as Regards the Air is the ninth album by the Incredible String Band.
Eleven Best is a Ben E. King compilation album.
The Critics' Choice Television Award for Most Exciting New Series is one of the award categories presented annually by the Broadcast Television Journalists Association.
Constantin "Titi" Gheorghe Mihail ( July 24 , 1945 -- January 22 , 2016 ) was a Romanian track and field coach.
Puntos suspensivos o Esperando a los bárbaros is a  1971  Argentine film.
Lindsey LaPointe is a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives for the 19 th district.
Frank Farkas is a former member of the Florida House of Representatives.
Frederick Tate ( 6 June 1844 -- 24 April 1935 ) was an English cricketer.
Joan Didion: The Center Will Not Hold is a  2017  documentary film about Joan Didion and her work.
The Young Veins were a rock band from Echo Park, California.
Eero Johannes Kolehmainen ( 24 March 1918 -- 7 December 2013 ) was a Finnish cross-country skier.
Herbert Addo ( 24 June 1951 -- 24 March 2017 ) was a Ghanaian Premier League football coach.
The West Dunbartonshire Community Party is a minor political party involved in local government elections in West Dunbartonshire, Scotland.
Kings Mountain State Park is a South Carolina state park located in the Piedmont region of South Carolina.
Animal welfare and animal rights related legislation in the United Kingdom
Santuario de Nuestra Señora del Acebo is a church in Asturias, Spain.
The Sick, Dumb & Happy is the second and final studio album by Dutch band The Charm The Fury.
Sanjay Kishan Kaul is a judge of the Supreme Court of India.
Sumanth Art Productions is an Indian film production company established by M. S. Raju.
Tsang Yi Ming ( born 26 March 1966 ) is a Hong Kong swimmer.
Mediterraneo is a 1991 Italian film that won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film in 1992 .
The Language of the Birds is a Russian fairy tale.
A Fish in the Bathtub is a 1999 comedy film directed by Joan Micklin Silver.
Dr. Abdul Aziz Bari is a Malaysian academician and politician of Malay ethnicity.
Eta Kappa Nu ( ΗΚΝ ) or IEEE-HKN is the international honor society of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers ( IEEE ) .
María del Carmen Iglesias Cano is a Spanish historian.
Gashed Senses & Crossfire is the seventh album by Canadian industrial artist Front Line Assembly.
Hansen, Schrader & Co. v De Gasperi is an important case in South African contract law.
Luton Sixth Form College is a sixth form college situated in Luton, Bedfordshire.
You to Me Are Everything is a 2010 Philippine romantic comedy film directed by Mark A. Reyes and starring Dingdong Dantes and Marian Rivera.
The  1998 Davidoff Swiss Indoors was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.
Saint John the Baptist as a Boy is a painting by the Flemish artist Michaelina Wautier.
The Garibaldian Antifascist Partisan Movement of Italy ( abbreviated GAPI ) was a political party in Italy.
The AACTA Award for Outstanding Achievement in Short Film Screen Craft is a special award, presented by the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts ( AACTA ) .
Woods Island State Park is a state park on Lake Champlain in Vermont.
Bugga is a village in Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil of Jhelum District in Punjab, Pakistan.
Setor Complementar de Indústria e Abastecimento is an administrative region in the Federal District in Brazil.
Družba Pere Kvržice is a Croatian children's film directed by Vladimir Tadej.
This Is What the Truth Feels Like is the third studio album by American singer Gwen Stefani.
Kfar Hitta is a village located in the Jbeil District in the Mount Lebanon Governorate in Lebanon.
The Chester-le-Street by-election, 1973  was a parliamentary by-election held for the British House of Commons constituency of Chester-le-Street on 1 March 1973 .
The South Fork Cascade Canyon Trail is a long hiking trail in Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming.
Samuel Sotheby ( 31 August 1805 -- 19 June 1861 ) was an English auctioneer and antiquary.
The Saint Louis University Museum of Art is the formal art museum for Saint Louis University.
Leo Lemay ( September 23 , 1909 -- September 9 , 1983 ) was a Roman Catholic bishop.
Moise Dragoș ( 1 September 1726 -- 16 April 1787 ) was a Romanian Greek Catholic hierarch.
The Decline of Western Civilization Part II: The Metal Years is a 1988 documentary film directed by Penelope Spheeris.
Maher El-Beheiry was President of the Supreme Constitutional Court of Egypt.
Gotthilf August Freiherr von Maltitz ( July 9 , 1794 -- June 7 , 1837 ) was a German writer.
:People educated at Notre Dame High School, Sheffield.
Lei Muk Shue East is one of the 17 constituencies of the Tsuen Wan District Council.
Smithcombe, Sharpenhoe and Sundon Hills is an 86 . 1 hectare Site of Special Scientific Interest in Sharpenhoe in Bedfordshire.
Boyer River is a tributary of the Missouri River.
North Babylon Union Free School District is a school district in North Babylon, New York, United States.
Changsha dialect is a dialect of New Xiang Chinese.
Thornton Rockliffe ( 5 July 1887 18 March 1961 ) was an Australian cricketer.
The Estates of Aruba are the unicameral legislature or parliament of Aruba.
Of Dirt and Grace: Live from the Land is the thirteenth live album from Australian contemporary worship music band Hillsong United, a worship band from Hillsong Church.
TJ Anderson is a rugby union player for Connacht Rugby.
The History of Rock is a compilation album by Kid Rock.
Erdinç Balto is a Turkish professional basketball player who plays as a power forward for Uşak Sportif of the Turkish Basketball League.
Perfecto Presents Ibiza is a remix album by Paul Oakenfold.
The Definitive Simon and Garfunkel is the fourth compilation album by the folk duo Simon & Garfunkel.
Benjamin Poponawa ( born 28 January 1960 ) is a Papua New Guinea politician.
The House Small Business Subcommittee on Health and Technology is one of five subcommittees of the United States House Committee on Small Business.
Öggestorp Church is a church building in Öggestorp, Sweden.
The  2009 Grand Prix de Tennis de Lyon was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.
Hellraiser: Best of the Epic Years is a compilation album by the band Motörhead, released in 2003 .
Edward Maurice Besly ( 28 January 1888 -- 12 April ( ?
Father Knows Best is an American radio and television sitcom.
On 6 December 1922 the  1 st Executive Council of the Irish Free State was officially appointed by Dáil Éireann.
Odradek is a creature in Kafka's The Cares of a Family Man.
Madan Pande ( 25 December 1943 28 April 2014 ) was an Indian cricketer.
Your Eyelids Are Growing Heavy is the fourth crime novel by the American writer Barbara Paul.
The  2006 Super 14 season started on Friday 10 February 2006 .
Abdisalaam Issa Khatib is a Member of Parliament in the National Assembly of Tanzania.
Timothy T. Cronin was the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Wisconsin.
The Truth Is That You Are Alive is the third full-length album by An Angle.
Russell Loines Award for Poetry was a poetry award by the American Academy of Arts and Letters of $ 1000 .
Valhalla and the Lord of Infinity is a 1994 adventure video game by Vulcan Software.
Sylvania City School District is a school district in Northwest Ohio.
The  2009 Porsche Carrera Cup Great Britain was the seventh Porsche Carrera Cup Great Britain season.
David Horton is a character in The Vicar of Dibley sitcom.
Leif Solberg ( 18 November 1914 -- 25 January 2016 ) was a Norwegian classical composer and organist.
Shana Goldberg-Meehan is an American television producer and television writer.
George Henry Craig ( December 25 , 1845 -- January 26 , 1923 ) was a U.S.
Lạng Sơn railway station is a railway station in Vietnam.
This Town Will Never Let Us Go is an original novel by Lawrence Miles set in the Faction Paradox universe.
Academic Engineers and Architects in Finland TEK is a Finnish trade union of university-educated engineers, architects and scientists.
Naa Bolinaa Saaka is a Ghanaian diplomat and a member of the New Patriotic Party of Ghana.
Whispering Willows is an indie adventure horror video game developed by the independent developer Night Light Interactive.
The Wildest Wish to Fly is a solo album by Rupert Hine.
The  2017 American Athletic Conference Football Championship Game was held on Saturday, December 2 , 2017 .
Gian Antonio Selva ( 2 September 1751 -- 22 January 1819 ) was an Italian neoclassical architect.
Betty Boop for President is a 1932 Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Betty Boop.
Horwood, Lovacott and Newton Tracey is a civil parish in North Devon district, Devon, England.
Dream Theory in Malaya: Fourth World Volume Two is an album by Jon Hassell, released in 1981 .
Tvoje lice zvuči poznato is the Croatian version of Your Face Sounds Familiar.
George Peters was Governor of the Bank of England from 1785 to 1787 .
Henry Morgan's Great Talent Hunt was a TV series on NBC Television hosted by Henry Morgan.
Rain, Steam and Speed -- The Great Western Railway is an oil painting by the 19 th-century British painter J. M. W. Turner.
The International Socialist Party of Subcarpathian Rus' was a political party in Subcarpathian Rus', eastern Czechoslovakia.
Team Sunweb is a professional German cycling team at UCI WorldTeam level.
Acis et Galatée ( Acis and Galatea ) is an opera by Jean-Baptiste Lully.
Hot Wheels SideWinder is a steel roller coaster operating at Dreamworld.
Charles John Montague Manners, Marquess of Granby ( born 3 July 1999 ) , is an English aristocrat.
Hate Culture is the debut studio album by William Control.
Let Us in Americana: The Music of Paul McCartney is a tribute album to musician Paul McCartney, released on June 23 , 2013 .
Tony Bennett at Carnegie Hall is a 1962 live album by Tony Bennett.
Edward Innes Pocock ( 3 December 1855 -- 14 January 1905 ) was a Scottish rugby union player.
Prison Terminal: The Last Days of Private Jack Hall is a 2013 documentary film by Edgar Barens.
Power of the Damn Mixxxer is a remix album by the American metal band Prong.
The Oregon City class was a class of heavy cruisers of the United States Navy.
Christopher M. Lane was a Republican member of the Massachusetts Senate.
Lester K. Fryer ( August 19 , 1919 -- May 5 , 1990 ) was a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
Faro, Goddess of the Waters is a 2007 film.
Bad Image is the fourth studio album by Kingdom Come.
The Firstborn Is Dead is the second studio album released by the post-punk band Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds.
João Pedro Mouzinho de Albuquerque ( May 1736 in Lisbon 1802 in Leiria ( some say ca/bef.
The Western Tauern Alps are a mountain range of the Central Eastern Alps.
Warren E. Miller ( born October 5 , 1964 ) is a member of the Maryland House of Delegates.
John Pennekamp Coral Reef State Park is a Florida State Park located on Key Largo in Florida.
Alfredo Javaloyes López ( March 22 , 1865 -- February 18 , 1944 ) was a Spanish musician.
Dhab Sanateka railway station  is located in Pakistan.
Velvet Chain Live at the Temple Bar is the third album by Velvet Chain, released in December 2000 under the Freak Records label.
Southwest Australia savanna is an ecoregion in Western Australia.
A fake field goal is a trick play in American football.
The  1948 Tulane Green Wave football team represented Tulane University during the 1948 college football season.
Zechariah of Lyon was the third bishop of Lyon.
Psychological Injury and Law is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Association for Scientific Advancement in Psychological Injury and Law.
Erny Brenner ( 13 September 1931 -- 9 July 2016 ) was a Luxembourgish association football player.
Pamela Sawyer is a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives.
The Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Coach of the Year is a baseball award given to the Atlantic Coast Conference's most outstanding coach.
The Widow from Valencia is a play written by the Spanish playwright Lope de Vega.
Ramathibodi Hospital is a university hospital of the Faculty of Medicine Ramathibodi Hospital, Mahidol University.
The Ultra Selection is a compilation album by Spandau Ballet.
Czech Presidency of the Council of the European Union ( short:Czech Presidency of EU ) occurred in the first half of 2009 .
I Am Mordred is a fantasy novel written by Nancy Springer.
Adobe Presenter Video Express is screencasting and video editing software developed by Adobe Systems.
Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood, and the Prison of Belief is a 2013 non-fiction book about Scientology written by Lawrence Wright.
Traces of My Lipstick is the third and final studio album by American girl group Xscape.
The Teacher Who Was Not To Be is an opera monologue by Marcus Paus and with a libretto by Olav Anton Thommessen from 2013 .
The Women of the West is a poem by Australian poet George Essex Evans.
Tennis at the  2019 European Youth Summer Olympic Festival was held at Baku Tennis Academy, Baku, Azerbaijan from 21 to 27 July 2019 .
Athletics at the 1955 Mediterranean Games were held in Barcelona, Spain.
Wie Pech & Schwefel is the fourth album released by Schandmaul on 26 April 2004 .
Jones Gap State Park is a South Carolina state park in northern Greenville County, near Marietta.
Galena City School District is a school district in Galena, Alaska.
79 Park Avenue is a 1955 novel by Harold Robbins.
Garden Cities of To-morrow is a book by the British urban planner Ebenezer Howard.
Seven Seas is a compilation album of Echo & the Bunnymen songs.
Chris Thile & Brad Mehldau is an album by Chris Thile and Brad Mehldau.
The Circle K Firecracker 250 powered by Coca-Cola is a NASCAR Xfinity Series race that is held at Daytona International Speedway.
The Natural History Museum of Denmark is a natural history museum located in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Killer: The Game of Assassination is a live action role-playing game derived from the traditional assassin game.
Barovia is the name of a location within the fictional universe of the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game.
The Miskolc Metropolitan Area is a metropolitan area in Northern Hungary .
Guru Gobind Singh Super Thermal Power Plant is located at Ghanauli near Ropar in Punjab.
Harry Govier Seeley ( 18 February 1839 -- 8 January 1909 ) was a British paleontologist.
St Mary at the Elms is a Church of England church in Ipswich, England.
Worlds of the Imperium is a science fiction novel by American writer Keith Laumer.
All the Light in the Sky is an American drama film directed, photographed and edited by Joe Swanberg.
Jeanne Sheehy ( 15 September 1939 -- 28 September 1999 ) was an Irish art historian.
Today with Des and Mel was a British television series hosted by Des O'Connor and Melanie Sykes.
Another City, Another Sorry is the debut studio album by Manchester band The Answering Machine.
Miguel Zerolo Aguilar ( born February 26 , 1957 , Santa Cruz de Tenerife ) is a Canarian politician.
Cerro Ciénaga Grande is a mountain in the Andes of Argentina.
Blood and Guts in High School is a novel by Kathy Acker.
An Essay on Man is a poem published by Alexander Pope in  1733 -- 1734 .
Denis Auguste Duchene ( 23 September 1862 -- 9 June 1950 ) was a French World War I general.
Henry Ellsworth Ewing ( 11 February 1883 -- 5 January 1951 ) was an American arachnologist.
The Warlord of the Air is a 1971 British alternate history novel written by Michael Moorcock.
The Beauty of the Rain is the fifth studio album by Dar Williams.
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs is a children's book written by Judi Barrett and illustrated by Ron Barrett.
Briggs Preparatory School is a private primary school in Trinidad and Tobago.
No One Must Know is a 1962 children's novel by the English writer Barbara Sleigh.
Save Me from Myself is an autobiography by Brian "Head" Welch.
Dirt Track Date is the fifth full-length album by Southern Culture on the Skids.
Meant to Be Mint is the debut studio album of R&B band Mint Condition.
Thomas Bourgin ( 23 December 1986 -- 11 January 2013 ) was a French motorcycle racer.
Peter Philipps was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
3 Signal Squadron is a unit of the Royal New Zealand Corps of Signals.
Main Khiladi Tu Anari is a  1994  Indian action comedy film directed by Sameer Malkan.
The Coffin is a 2008 horror film starring Ananda Everingham and Karen Mok.
Kenge, Bas Congo is a town in Bas-Congo in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
← Kingdom of Egypt United Arab Republic →
16 Most Requested Songs is a compilation album of 16 Top 40 hits that Bobby Vinton had for Epic Records.
Der Prins muß her is a German television series.
Awaken Love is the second studio album by Matt Gilman.
Agua Santa del Yuna is a town in Duarte Province of the Dominican Republic.
Liv Marie Buck ( 24 December 1928 -- 29 March 2012 ) was a Norwegian trade unionist.
The Botswana National Development Bank Staff Union ( BNDBU ) is a trade union affiliate of the Botswana Federation of Trade Unions in Botswana.
Some of My Best Jokes Are Friends is the third studio album by George Clinton.
The District Court of Western Australia is the intermediate court in Western Australia.
The  1960 Argentine Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at Buenos Aires on 7 February 1960 .
Anastasia and Tatiana Dogaru ( born 13 January 2004 ) are craniopagus conjoined twins.
Rowing New Zealand is the sports governing body for rowing in New Zealand.
Finally, Betty Carter is a live album by Betty Carter.
Lost Trail National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge of the United States located in Montana.
Gnaeus Cornelius Lentulus was a consul of the Roman Republic in 97 BC.
The Man of the Day was a  1997  Romanian film directed by Dan Pița.
The Action of 25 January 1797  was a minor naval battle of the French Revolutionary Wars, fought in the Gulf of Cádiz.
Captain Underpants and the Sensational Saga of Sir Stinks-A-Lot is the twelfth and final book in the Captain Underpants series, written and illustrated by Dav Pilkey.
Empire Express: Building the First Transcontinental Railroad is a book written by David Haward Bain, published in 2000 .
Inside Combat Rescue is a television series on National Geographic Channel.
The Path of Our Dream is an Armenian drama.
Erotic Nights of the Living Dead is a 1980 Italian erotic-horror film written and directed by Joe D'Amato.
Francis John Bennett Marks Hugo ( March 5 , 1870 -- December 30 , 1930 ) was a Canadian-American politician.
Runaways is an American comic book series created by Brian K. Vaughan and Adrian Alphona for Marvel Comics.
Martin Jensen ( 3 January 1942 -- 12 February 2016 ) was a Norwegian triple jumper.
The Astaire Story is a 1952 album by Fred Astaire.
Rudolf Westphal ( 3 July 1826 -- 10 July 1892 ) was a German classical scholar.
The 2006 Guangzhou International Women's Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.
Loud, Mean, Fast and Dirty is the first compilation album by Peter Pan Speedrock.
The Nine Maidens is a 1985 album by John Renbourn.
Karbala TV is the official television of the Imam Husayn Shrine in the city of Karbala, Iraq.
John Keith Butler ( born May 16 , 1956 ) is an American football coach who is the defensive coordinator of the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Medeya "Mzia" Jugeli ( August 1 , 1925 -- January 8 , 2016 ) was a Georgian artistic gymnast.
The Constitutional Court of Sint Maarten is a court of Sint Maarten.
Access All Areas: A Rock & Roll Odyssey is a documentary following rock band Bon Jovi on their successful New Jersey Syndicate Tour between 1988 and 1990 .
Open Workbench is a free project management software focused on scheduling.
Sunday Dinner for a Soldier is a 1944 film directed by Lloyd Bacon and starring Anne Baxter and John Hodiak.
Kainantu District is a district of the Eastern Highlands Province in Papua New Guinea.
Devastation Trail is a trail in Hawaiʻi Volcanoes National Park.
The Confederal Group of the European United Left was a socialist and communist political group with seats in the European Parliament between 1994 and 1995 .
Seehund, Puma & Co. is a German television series.
Thorstein Guttormsen Fretheim ( 25 January 1808 -- 30 May 1874 ) was a Norwegian politician.
Chitwan English Secondary Boarding School is a school in the Chitwan District of Nepal.
The Memorial of the Second Resistance Movement or Resistance Flag Monument in Prague, Czech Republic, is a monument of the Czech Republic flag.
Badminton at the  2017 Summer Deaflympics took place at the Bafra Sports Hall.
Oganes Danielian ( 3 January 1974 -- 8 August 2016 ) was an Armenian chess player.
Gachua Adarsha High School is a secondary school in Sandwip in Chittagong District, Bangladesh.
American Soldiers is a 2005 war film directed by Sidney J. Furie.
The  2001 UTEP Miners football team represented the University of Texas at El Paso in the 2001 NCAA Division I-A football season.
Eine wie keine  ( One of A Kind ) is a German television series.
House Cleaning Blues is a 1937 Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Betty Boop, and featuring Grampy.
I Also Want to Die in New Orleans is the tenth studio album by American band Sun Kil Moon.
Charles in Charge is an American sitcom starring Scott Baio.
The  2017 Weber State Wildcats volleyball team will represent Weber State University in the 2017 NCAA Division I women's volleyball season.
Kartal Anadolu Lisesi is an Anatolian High School in Turkey.
Franz Dahlem ( 14 January 1892 -- 17 December 1981 ) was a German politician.
FK Slovan Most pri Bratislave is a Slovak association football club located in Most pri Bratislave.
Hip Hop and the World We Live In is a studio album by American rapper Aceyalone.
The  2012 BRD Năstase Țiriac Trophy was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts.
The Game of Life was an American television series on The Hub ( now Discovery Family ) .
1895 Singapore Amateur Football Association Challenge Cup was the fourth season of the Amateur Challenge Cup, the predecessor of the Singapore Cup.
February 27  -- Eastern Orthodox liturgical calendar -- March 1  ( February 29  on leap years ) .
The Age of Innocence is the second greatest hits album by Taiwanese singer Jolin Tsai.
Heaven Has No Favorites is a novel by the German writer Erich Maria Remarque.
The Impossible Leap in One Hundred Simple Steps is an album by the post-rock band From Monument to Masses.
Bukov Vrh nad Visokim is a settlement above Visoko pri Poljanah in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
AKM Samsuzzoha ( 1924 -- 20 February 1987 ) was a Bangladesh Awami League politician.
Katy Lennon ( born 16 October 1984 in Carshalton ) is a British artistic gymnast that represented Great Britain at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Jane Denny McDowell Foster Wiley was born December 10 , 1829 .
Aion: The Tower of Eternity is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game ( MMORPG ) released by NCSOFT.
Adesanya Kwamina Hyde 1968 New Year Honours C.B.E. ( born September 4 , 1915 ) was a Sierra Leonean ambassador to the United States of America.
Joseph W. Kable is a psychologist at the University of Pennsylvania.
Solomon Receiving the Queen of Sheba is a c. 1650 painting by Jacques Stella.
Harris Hill Ski Jump is a ski jump in Brattleboro VT.
The Capture of Morelia took place on 30 November 1863 during the Second French intervention in Mexico.
Six Characters in Search of an Author is a 1964 television play broadcast by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
San Rafael Las Flores is a municipality in the Santa Rosa Department of Guatemala.
The National Museum of the United States Navy, or U.S.
The Pirate Party Luxembourg is a registered political party in Luxembourg.
Compilation of the North American Soccer League Memphis Rogues players.
Genius by Stephen Hawking is a television series aired on PBS hosted by Stephen Hawking.
The City of Prague Museum is located in Prague, Czech Republic.
Italy competed at the  2009 Mediterranean Games held in Pescara, Italy.
The Ellsworth Bumpy Johnson EP is an EP by rapper Prodigy of Mobb Deep.
Scotland became part of the Kingdom of Great Britain under the Acts of Union 1707 from 1 May 1707 .
The  1996 Northeast Louisiana Indians football team represented Northeast Louisiana University in the  1996 NCAA Division I-A college football season.
1712 Overture and Other Musical Assaults is a classical music album released in  1989  by Telarc Records.
The Bommarito Automotive Group 500 presented by Axalta and Valvoline is an IndyCar Series race held at World Wide Technology Raceway at Gateway.
Colorado Springs Day Nursery is a school in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
Like Stone Lions at the Gateway into Night is a 2012 documentary film by Olivier Zuchuat.
Vera Baker Williams ( January 28 , 1927 October 16 , 2015 ) was an American children's writer and illustrator.
The Allan Stewart Tapes was a television comedy series which aired on 1979 on Scottish Television.
The New Hampshire House of Representatives is the lower house in the New Hampshire General Court, the bicameral legislature of the state of New Hampshire.
East Midlands is an English constituency of the European Parliament in the United Kingdom.
Minhan Khan Rind Halt railway station  is located in Pakistan.
David Ober is a Republican member of the Indiana House of Representatives.
Gilbert E. McKeeby was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate.
Foxfire: Confessions of a Girl Gang is a 2012 film based on the Joyce Carol Oates novel Foxfire: Confessions of a Girl Gang.
Night of the Living Drag Queens is the second full-length release by North Carolina punk band the Frankenstein Drag Queens from Planet 13 .
The  Military Bishopric of the Dominican Republic is a military ordinariate ( quasi-diocese ) of the Roman Catholic Church.
The Heliocentric Worlds of Sun Ra, Volume One is a 1965 album by the jazz musician Sun Ra.
Emily Gorcenski is an American data scientist and hacktivist.
Same-sex marriage in Germany has been legal since 1 October 2017 .
Lorenzo Zepeda was President of El Salvador 1 -- 7 February 1858 .
All Things Set Aside is Veil of Maya's debut studio album.
Lauracha is a 1946 Argentine drama film directed by Arturo García Buhr, Ernesto Arancibia, Antonio Ber Ciani and Enrique Cahen Salaberry and starring Amelia Bence and García Buhr.
Hero of Labour of the Russian Federation is a state award of the Russian Federation.
Miradouro do Pico Matias Simão is a monument in the Azores.
Daddy Was a Number Runner is the first novel by Louise Meriwether.
Gerrit Walter Gong ( born December 23 , 1953 ) is a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) .
1000 Years of Popular Music is a 2003 live album by Richard Thompson.
William Charles Langdon Brown ( born 9 September 1931 ) is a British banker of the Standard Chartered Bank.
The Vows of Silence is a novel by Susan Hill.
Stretch and Bobbito: Radio That Changed Lives is a 2015 documentary film about the Stretch Armstrong and Bobbito Show.
The Social Democratic Labour Party of Lithuania ( LSDDP ) is a social-democratic political party in Lithuania.
Campfire Songs: The Popular, Obscure and Unknown Recordings of 10 , 000 Maniacs is a 2004 compilation album by 10 , 000 Maniacs.
The Manhattan Projects is a comic book series co-created by writer Jonathan Hickman and artist Nick Pitarra published by Image Comics.
The curling competition of the  2010 Olympics was held at Vancouver Olympic/Paralympic Centre in Vancouver.
Cane Hill Hospital was a psychiatric hospital in Coulsdon in the London Borough of Croydon.
Cuxham with Easington is a civil parish in South Oxfordshire.
North Tonawanda City School District is a public school district that covers North Tonawanda, New York.
The Case Against Brooklyn is a 1958 film noir crime film directed by Paul Wendkos.
Neal Huff is an American actor from New York City.
Darwin and the Darwinian Revolution is a 1959 biography of Charles Darwin by historian Gertrude Himmelfarb.
Marshal of the Soviet Union was the highest military rank of the Soviet Union.
Robin Schiff is a Hollywood writer-producer, best known for the movie Romy and Michele's High School Reunion starring Lisa Kudrow and Mira Sorvino.
Best of Indie Years is the second compilation album by L'Âme Immortelle.
İnönü Military Quarter and War Museum is a military and war museum in Turkey.
The Eastside Historic Cemetery District is a historic district bounded by Elmwood Avenue, Mt.
King of Pro-Wrestling was a professional wrestling event promoted by New Japan Pro-Wrestling.
Czech Republic–Vietnam relations are foreign relations between the Czech Republic and Vietnam.
The Richard Boone Show is an anthology television series.
Live & More is a live album by Marcus Miller from 1998 .
Coriolan Ardouin ( 11 December 1812 -- 12 July 1836 ) was a Haitian romantic poet.
Appius Annius Atilius Bradua was a Senator of the Roman Empire in the 2 nd century.
The Maple Hill Bridge is an automobile crossing of the Kansas River near Maple Hill, Kansas.
Gangpur is a census town in Burdwan II CD Block in Bardhaman Sadar North subdivision of Purba Bardhaman district in West Bengal, India.
Essays in French Literature and Culture is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal published by the University of Western Australia.
Black Gruya and the Stone of Wisdom is a 2007 Serbian comedy film directed by Marko Marinković.
Earl Nycum Howard ( June 25 , 1896 -- April 4 , 1937 ) was a Major League Baseball pitcher.
Igor Pretnar ( 3 April 1924 8 April 1977 ) was a Slovenian film director.
Barney Bentall and the Legendary Hearts is the eponymous debut album by the Canadian band Barney Bentall and the Legendary Hearts.
Louis De Deken was a Belgian field hockey player.
The Come Around Sundown World Tour was the second concert tour by American rock band Kings of Leon.
Madonna is the second studio album by the American band ...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead.
The West Virginia Department of Education is the state education agency of West Virginia.
Abdul Hafeez Khan Al Yousefi , was the former Agricultural Adviser to Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan ( Founder of United Arab Emirates ) .
Elk Rapids Township is a civil township of Antrim County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
La Ligugéenne Football is a French association football club founded in 1909 .
Wipim Airstrip is an airstrip in Wipim, South Fly in the Western Province of Papua New Guinea .
Active Citizens of Electoral Formation was a political party in Guatemala.
The Smiling, Proud Wanderer is a novel by Jin Yong.
The Silent Twins is a 1986 television film directed by Jon Amiel.
An Evening with Lucian Freud is a 2015 play written by Laura-Jane Foley.
Big Fish: A Novel of Mythic Proportions is a 1998 novel by Daniel Wallace.
I Talk with the Spirits is a 1964 album by Roland Kirk.
Long Beach Memorial Medical Center is a hospital in Long Beach, California.
Ctrl Alt Delete is the first studio album by American record producer Free the Robots.
Frederick Charles, Prince of Stolberg-Gedern ( 11 October 1693 -- 28 September 1767 ) , was a German politician.
Oliver Holden ( September 18 , 1765 -- September 4 , 1844 ) was an American composer and compiler of hymns.
NGC 1868  is a globular cluster in the Large Magellanic Cloud in the constellation Dorado.
Sing My Welcome Home is the first studio album by Pacific Gold.
Olive Grove Elementary School, serves grades K 5  in the Dry Creek Joint Elementary School District.
The Northern Light is a 1958 novel by A. J. Cronin.
Twyla Roman was a Republican member of the Ohio House of Representatives.
Anna in the Tropics is a play by Nilo Cruz.
The Casa Serena Open was a men's golf tournament on the European Senior Tour.
Frank Evers Beddard FRS FRSE ( 19 June 1858 -- 14 July 1925 ) was an English zoologist.
A polar circle is either the Arctic Circle or the Antarctic Circle.
Gomal Zam Dam is a multi-purpose gravity dam in South Waziristan Agency of Federally Administered Tribal Areas, Pakistan.
Mosman Park railway station is a railway station on the Transperth network.
Protégé: The Battle For The Big Artista Break is a reality TV series created by GMA Network.
Mwadini Abbas Jecha is a Member of Parliament in the National Assembly of Tanzania.
Sisimiut Hydro Power Plant is a hydroelectric power plant near Sisimiut, Greenland.
Rodrigo Pinto Pizarro Pimentel de Almeida Carvalhais was a Portuguese baron and the President of the Council of Ministers of the Kingdom of Portugal from 18 April to 26 November 1839 .
Give a Glimpse of What Yer Not is the eleventh studio album by alternative rock band Dinosaur Jr..
Zoltán Berczik ( 7 August 1937 -- 11 January 2011 ) was a Hungarian table tennis player.
Coppenhall railway station was a station on the Grand Junction Railway in Cheshire.
The Rimers of Eldritch is a play by Lanford Wilson.
Parasite Pig is a young adult science fiction novel written by William Sleator.
Mkapa Bridge is the longest bridge in Tanzania across the Rufiji River.
Musa Virk railway station  is located in Pakistan.
Parco naturale del Sasso Simone e Simoncello is an Italian regional park founded in 1994 .
Institute of Cytology and Genetics of the Siberian Branch of the Russian Academy of Sciences is a research institute based in Novosibirsk, Russia.
Seventh Level Records was a record label founded by Shane Tierney.
Rafael Torija de la Fuente ( 18 March 1927 2 March 2019 ) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop.
Claire Maytham is a basketball player for England women's national basketball team.
Fort Parker State Park is a Texas state park near Mexia.
The Mississippi Marine Brigade was a Union Army unit raised during the American Civil War as part of the United States Ram Fleet.
The Saint Sava Serbian Orthodox Church is a church building in Enskede gård in Stockholm, Sweden.
The Loneliness of the Long-Distance Runner is a short story collection by English author Alan Sillitoe.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 258  was adopted on September 18 , 1968 .
Barrier Gardens Pier is a pier on the River Thames near the Thames Barrier.
The Fifth Constitutional Convention of the U.S. Virgin Islands proposed a constitution for the United States Virgin Islands in May 2009 .
Leicestershire County Council is the county council for the English non-metropolitan county of Leicestershire.
American Idol Season 11 Top 10 Highlights is a compilation album released on July 7 , 2012 .
The  2014 Blancpain GT Series season was the first season of the Blancpain GT Series.
My Sex Life... or How I Got into an Argument is a 1996 French drama film directed by Arnaud Desplechin.
Luigi Trussardi ( 6 June 1938 -- 29 April 2010 ) was a French jazz bassist.
Hussein Dey was the last ruler of Ottoman Algeria.
Tonje Løseth ( born 1 January 1991 ) is a Norwegian handball player.
Suffer little children to come unto me or Let the Little Children Come to Me, is a painting attributed to the Dutch painter Rembrandt.
Ola Stunes Isene ( born 29 January 1995 ) is a Norwegian discus thrower.
Heinz Emmerich ( 25 February 1908 -- 10 March 1986 ) was a German international footballer.
Cha Lo Border Gate Economic Zone is a special economic zone in Quảng Bình Province, Vietnam.
Kill from the Heart is an album by the hardcore punk band The Dicks.
How to Make a Monster is a 2001 film starring Steven Culp and Clea DuVall.
Expedition 26  was the 26 th long-duration mission to the International Space Station.
Baumberg is part of the city of Monheim am Rhein.
Cesare Fantoni ( 1 February 1905 15 January 1963 ) was an Italian film actor.
Chess on a Really Big Board is a large chess variant invented by Ralph Betza around 1996 .
O la va, o la spacca is an Italian television series.
Jakub Plichta ( died 7 February 1407 ) was a Catholic priest and the second bishop of Vilnius.
San Diego, I Love You is a 1944 American comedy film directed by Reginald Le Borg and starring Jon Hall, Louise Allbritton and Edward Everett Horton.
Myths and Legends of Babylonia and Assyria is a book by Donald Alexander Mackenzie published in 1915 .
Aleksandr Alekseyev ( born 8 January 1968 ) is a Belarusian ice hockey player.
Victory for the Comic Muse is the ninth studio album by The Divine Comedy.
Camden Town with Primrose Hill is a ward in the London Borough of Camden, in the United Kingdom.
Leslie William Green ( 6 February 1875 -- 31 August 1908 ) was an English architect.
Chah Umer Din Wala is a village in Pakistan.
The Ghana National Party is a political party in Ghana.
Economic Geyser is a geyser in the Upper Geyser Basin of Yellowstone National Park in the United States.
HMS Hussar was a Dryad-class torpedo gunboat of the Royal Navy.
Ultimate Hits: Rock and Roll Never Forgets is a compilation album by American rock singer–songwriter Bob Seger.
The Battle on the Po was a battle of the Wars in Lombardy.
Return to Cookie Mountain is the second studio album by American alt-rock group TV on the Radio.
Alexandra Rosenfeld ( born 23 November 1986 ) was elected Miss France in 2006 .
Vehicle registration plates of the Netherlands are vehicle registration plates issued by the Netherlands Vehicle Authority, .
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines competed at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships in Shanghai, China between July 16 and 31 , 2011 .
The Blackstone River and Canal Heritage State Park is a part of the state park system of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation ( DCR ) .
Never Leave Me is a 2017 Bosnia and Herzegovina drama film directed by Aida Begić.
Charmaine Thomas ( born 25 August 1974 ) is an Antigua and Barbuda sprinter.
Holes in the Soup is a Danish comedy film released in 1988 .
Suwon Air Base is a Republic of Korea Air Force ( ROKAF ) base near Suwon city.
Fergus Michael Medwin ( 10 July 1874 25 September 1934 ) was an Australian Labor politician.
The American Guitar Academy was founded in The United States in 1991 .
The  2011 World Senior Curling Championships were held at the Saint Paul Curling Club in St.
The World Is Not Enough is a 1999 James Bond film.
Gilbert Rathbone Winham ( 11 May 1938 -- 1 January 2019 ) was an American-born political scientist.
Jacob Wilhelm Nordan ( 23 February 1824 11 April 1892 ) was a Danish-born, Norwegian architect.
Jungle Man is a 1941 American film directed by Harry L. Fraser and starring Buster Crabbe in his first of many films for Producers Releasing Corporation.
The National Library of Jamaica is the national library of Jamaica.
Quiet Village: The Exotic Sounds of Martin Denny was the eighth album by Martin Denny.
The  1998 NECBL season was the fifth season of the New England Collegiate Baseball League.
Carry the Fire is the fourth studio album by Dustin Kensrue.
A Lick of Frost is the sixth book in the Merry Gentry series by Laurell K. Hamilton.
The Three Stooges Meet Hercules is a 1962 comedy film directed by Edward Bernds.
Oregon's at-large congressional district is a former United States Congressional District.
Opinion polling for the 2006 Czech legislative election started immediately after the  2002 legislative election.
Fill Up the Room is the seventh album by Michigan collective Saturday Looks Good to Me.
Ministry of Economy of the Republic of Poland was a ministry dealing with economy of Republic of Poland.
Tabriz County is a county in East Azerbaijan Province of Iran.
Chapter XV of the United Nations Charter deals with the UN Secretariat.
Kisarawe II is an administrative ward in the Temeke district of the Dar es Salaam Region of Tanzania.
Our Lady of Mount Carmel is the name or patron saint of many churches.
The Journal of Law, Medicine & Ethics is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic medical journal covering medical ethics and medical law.
The  2015 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships were held at Hayward Field, University of Oregon in Eugene, Oregon.
The  2011 Good Sam Club 500  was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series race held on October 23 , 2011 at Talladega Superspeedway in Talladega, Alabama.
Singapore Pinacothèque de Paris was a private art museum formerly located in the Fort Canning Arts Centre at Fort Canning Park, Singapore.
Malay Democrats of the Philippines is a political party of the Philippines.
The Honda Grand Prix of St. Petersburg was the opening round of the 2009 IndyCar Series on April 5 , 2009 .
Louis Stewart ( 5 January 1944 -- 20 August 2016 ) was an Irish jazz guitarist.
Charles Henry Juliá Barreras ( May 7 , 1908 -- July 28 , 1979 ) was a three-time member of the Senate of Puerto Rico.
The People's Party of Finland was a liberal political party in Finland.
Winfield Scott Sims ( April 6 , 1844 -- January 7 , 1918 ) was an American inventor.
The Advisory Committee on Works of Art is a committee of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom.
Lord Grizzly is a 1954 biographical novel by Frederick Manfred.
Daniël A. van der Ree ( born 8 January 1972 ) is a Dutch politician.
The Honourable Chamber of Deputies of the Republic of Chile is the lower house of Chile's bicameral Congress.
Swami Vivekananda on Himself is a biographical book on Swami Vivekananda written in an autobiographical manner.
Middle-earth: Shadow of War is an open world action role-playing video game developed by Monolith Productions and published by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment.
The Problem of Slavery in Western Culture written by David Brion Davis and published by Cornell University Press in 1966 won the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction in 1967 .
Xavier Woods ( born July 26 , 1995 ) is an American football safety for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Young Pirates is a youth wing of Czech Pirate Party.
Zhan Jian ( born 30 January 1982 ) is a Singaporean table tennis player.
A Decent Ride is a 2015 novel by Irvine Welsh.
Award Winner: Stan Getz is a 1957 album by Stan Getz.
Frank Kreith ( 15 December 1922 -- 8 January 2018 ) was an American mechanical engineer.
Le Voyage à Alger  is a  2009 film.
The First Cadre Company was a Polish military formation created in the Austro-Hungarian Army at the outbreak of World War I.
Let Your Body Take Over is the full-length debut album from the post-hardcore band Four Letter Lie.
Nils Althin ( 12 May 1905 19 May 1978 ) was a Swedish boxer.
The Scout Association of Papua New Guinea is a Scouting organisation in Papua New Guinea.
Busan Harbor Bridge is a bridge in Busan, South Korea.
Pontus Holmberg ( born 9 March 1999 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Växjö Lakers of the Swedish Hockey League ( SHL ) .
A Dictionary of Modern Slang, Cant and Vulgar Words is a dictionary of slang originally compiled by publisher and lexicographer John Camden Hotten in 1859 .
The Royal National Throat, Nose and Ear Hospital ( the RNTNEH ) is a specialist otolaryngologic hospital located on Gray's Inn Road in London, England, and a part of the University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust.
The Amazing Joy Buzzards is a comic book series created by Mark Andrew Smith and Dan Hipp.
Clyde Follansbee was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Neil Linden Andersen ( born August 9 , 1951 ) is a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) .
Two Cities Films was a British film production company.
The Pauline Chapel is a chapel on the National Register of Historic Places owned by The Broadmoor resort.
Byrd in Hand is an album by Donald Byrd engineered by Rudy Van Gelder.
The Texas–Arlington Mavericks football team represented the University of Texas at Arlington from the  1959  through  1985 season.
Brigitte Acton ( born November 30 , 1985 in Sault Ste.
The Smell of Our Own is a 2003 album by The Hidden Cameras.
The South Sudan STEPS Towards Peace and Democracy is a political movement in the Republic of South Sudan.
Paul Lahaye ( 19 April 1902 22 April 1983 ) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the House of Commons of Canada.
Hugh Willoughby is an American atmospheric and hydrospheric scientist currently at Florida International University and an Elected Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
The Cornmill Stream and Old River Lea is a 24 . 6 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Waltham Abbey, Essex.
Santiago Estebán Mesón ( born 25 January 1968 in San Miguel de Tucumán ) is a former Argentine rugby union player.
South Park: Tenorman's Revenge is a platform video game based on the American animated television series South Park.
The Clue of the Tapping Heels is the 16 th volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series.
The Kansas Senate is the upper house of the Kansas Legislature, the state legislature of the U.S. State of Kansas.
Curley's Atlas Hotel and Baths was a long-standing institution in the Rockaway Park neighborhood of Queens in New York City.
Azizol Abu Haniffah was a midfielder with Perak FA in Malaysia.
Palms of Pasadena Hospital is a hospital located in St.
The Union Trust Bank Company Building is a historic bank building located at 200 Collinsville Avenue in downtown East St. Louis, Illinois.
John McIndoe ( 29 November 1858 -- 4 April 1916 ) was a New Zealand printer.
Timo Meier ( born 8 October 1996 ) is a Swiss professional ice hockey player who plays for the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Heaven and a Dixie Night is an album recorded by the American country music group Pirates of the Mississippi.
Sinking the Eight Ball is debut album by Ruby Joe.
Mário Ferreira dos Santos ( January 3 , 1907 -- April 11 , 1968 ) was a Brazilian philosopher.
Nils Conrad Kindberg ( 7 August 1832 in Karlstad 23 August 1910 in Uppsala ) was a Swedish bryologist.
The AB Standard was a New York City Subway car class built by the American Car and Foundry Company and Pressed Steel Car Company between 1914 and 1924 .
Tod of the Fens is a children's historical novel by Elinor Whitney Field.
The Last Great Challenge in a Dull World is a 1990 album by New Zealand pianist Peter Jefferies.
The  2016 United States House of Representatives elections in Hawaii occurred on November 8 , 2016 .
Flashman and the Angel of the Lord is a 1994 novel by George MacDonald Fraser.
Willy Ovesen ( 1 June 1924 -- 3 January 2015 ) was a Norwegian civil servant.
Albert Green ( 3 November 1874 -- 25 September 1941 ) was a British Conservative Party politician.
Peter Pišťanek ( 28 April 1960 , Devínska Nová Ves -- 22 March 2015 , Bratislava ) was a Slovak writer.
The NoSleep Podcast is an anthology horror fiction podcast.
Ancient Law is a book by Henry James Sumner Maine.
The International Review of Intellectual Property and Competition Law is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Springer Science+Business Media on behalf of the Max Planck Institute for Innovation and Competition.
College Stadium was the stadium for the East Carolina Pirates football team.
The Witch Tree Symbol is the thirty-third volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series.
King of Clubs is the debut solo album by Paul Gilbert formerly of the heavy metal band Racer X and the hard rock band Mr.
The Solomon Islands Labour Party is a political party in Solomon Islands.
The Best of Apo Hiking Society Volume 1  is the first compilation album from the Filipino musical group Apo Hiking Society.
Kau Kee Restaurant is a noodle restaurant in Hong Kong.
Wildlife Tycoon: Venture Africa is a simulation video game set in Africa.
The David Baazov Museum of History of Jews of Georgia is a principal museum of the Jewish history and culture in Tbilisi, Georgia.
Puella Mea is a poem by E. E. Cummings.
Joyful Noise Recordings is an independent record label from Indianapolis, Indiana.
The  2017 Honda Indy Grand Prix of Alabama was the third round of the 2017 IndyCar Series season.
Monrovia Club Breweries is an association football club based in Monrovia, Liberia.
Anna Boden and Ryan K. Fleck are an American filmmakers duo.
Scotched in Scotland is a 1954 film starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges ( Moe Howard, Larry Fine and Shemp Howard ) .
Sub Pop 1000  is a compilation album released by Sub Pop.
Orrin Fletcher was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Saints Philip Evans and John Lloyd were Welsh Roman Catholic priests.
The Mexico City Metrobús Line 7  is a bus rapid transit line in the Mexico City Metrobús.
Nanhai God Temple station , is a station of Line 13  of the Guangzhou Metro.
Carlos Francisco Jovel Navas  ( Born January 6 , 1982 in Usulután, El Salvador ) is a Salvadoran professional football player.
The Rise and Fall of Legs Diamond is a 1960 film directed by Budd Boetticher.
Wallace Eddinger ( July 14 , 1881 -- January 8 , 1929 ) was an American stage actor.
You Better Ask Somebody is the third studio album by Yo-Yo.
Vicoforte is a comune in the Province of Cuneo in Italy.
Seven Songs for Quartet and Chamber Orchestra is an album by Gary Burton.
Real Love is the debut studio album by Derek Johnson.
The Osaka Journals is the second album from Sajama Cut.
Lorenzo Ginori Lisci ( 23 May 1823 -- 13 February 1878 ) was an Italian politician.
Estádio João de Deus Lopes da Silva is a multi-use stadium in São Nicolau, Cape Verde.
Dennis Walter Hickey ( October 28 , 1914 -- October 6 , 1999 ) was a Bishop of the Catholic Church in the United States.
The Street with No Name is a 1948 film noir directed by William Keighley.
Betelguese, a Trip Through Hell is a 1908 lyrical poem book written by Jean Louis De Esque.
Wild Heart of the Young is the third album by singer/songwriter Karla Bonoff.
Rosa Keleku ( born 16 January 1995 ) is a Democratic Republic of the Congo taekwondo athlete.
William Stanley Dwinnell ( December 25 , 1862 -- March 9 , 1930 ) was a member of the Minnesota Senate and the Minnesota House of Representatives.
Bishop Tesfasellassie Medhin is the serving Bishop of Ethiopian Catholic Eparchy of Adigrat in Ethiopia.
The Husband Who Was to Mind the House is a Norwegian fairy tale collected by Peter Christen Asbjørnsen and Jørgen Moe in their Norske Folkeeventyr.
The Johnston County School District serves Johnston County, North Carolina.
Boniface Lele ( April 14 , 1947 -- April 9 , 2014 ) was a Roman Catholic bishop.
Logo Motion is the 2011 FIRST Robotics Competition game.
Mostly Blues...and Some Others is a 1983 studio album by Count Basie.
Art of Conflict: The Murals of Northern Ireland is a  2012  documentary film about the Murals in Northern Ireland.
The Little Girl Who Lives Down the Lane is a 1974 novel by Laird Koenig.
New Iberia Senior High School is a senior high school in New Iberia, Louisiana.
Don Estaquio or Don Eustaquio Hofileña Memorial Elementary School is a public school at Silay City.
Help Me Make It Through the Night is the debut studio album released by American country artist Sammi Smith.
Ajtósi Dürer sor is a road in the XIV.
Devet fantov in eno dekle is a novel by Slovenian author Gitica Jakopin.
Signs of the Decline is the third album by Massacra.
The Comorian Party for Democracy and Progress ( PCDP ) was a political party in the Comoros.
Peter Znenahlik ( born 9 September 1963 ) is an Austrian ice hockey player.
Chester Ralph Hovey ( January 21 , 1872 -- November 9 , 1953 ) was a Justice of the Washington Supreme Court from 1921 to 1923 .
The Cameroon Democratic Union is a political party in Cameroon.
At Twelve: Portraits of Young Women is a 1988 photography book by Sally Mann.
Evens Alcide ( born 22 July 1992 ) , is a Turks and Caicos Islands professional footballer.
Ragged but Right is the second live album by the Jerry Garcia Acoustic Band.
All in the Family is the debut studio album from Lordz of Brooklyn.
Silvestri Alantine is a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
Love and All That Jazz is a studio album by saxophonist Eric Kloss.
The National Research Foundation is a foundation of the Ministry of Higher Education and Scientific Research in the United Arab Emirates.
Redrawing India: The Teach For India Story is a 2014 non-fiction book written by Kovid Gupta and Shaheen Mistri.
Andreas Samuelsen Vibstad ( 6 October 1783 -- 27 January 1854 ) was a Norwegian politician.
Norman Ella ( 18 June 1910 19 January 1987 ) was an Australian rowing coxswain.
Legacy of the Catacombs is a compilation album by the technical death metal band Nile.
South Andhra Lutheran Church is a Christian denomination in India.
Stan Weber was a quarterback for the Kansas State Wildcats football team.
The New Oxford History of England is a book series on the history of the British Isles.
The House of Sparneck was a local noble family in Franconia.
The Mississippi Legislature is the state legislature of the U.S. state of Mississippi.
The New Order was an American hard rock and protopunk band.
The Up and Coming Tour was a concert tour by Paul McCartney.
James L. Jamerson ( born January 29 , 1941 ) is a retired United States Air Force General.
American Flag usually refers to the national flag of the United States of America.
From Hell is a graphic novel by writer Alan Moore and artist Eddie Campbell.
Uno-X Norwegian Development Team is a Nowregian UCI Continental team founded in 2010 .
Smart Games Challenge is a video game series developed by KnowWare and Smart Games.
Alexander Pallestrang ( born April 4 , 1990 ) is an Austrian professional ice hockey player for EC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Hockey League ( EBEL ) .
The Order: 1886  is a third-person action-adventure video game developed by Ready at Dawn and SCE Santa Monica Studio and published by Sony Computer Entertainment.
Girolamo Aleandro, the younger ( 29 July 1574 9 March 1629 ) was a very distinguished Italian scholar.
Karel Pott ( 20 August 1904 16 December 1953 ) was a Portuguese sprinter.
Look at Us is an album by Sonny & Cher.
Nueva Helvecia is a city in Colonia Department of Uruguay.
Rita Dove: An American Poet is a 2014 documentary film produced, directed and edited by Eduardo Montes-Bradley.
The Akademie Schloss Solitude is a foundation under public law.
Simple Simon is a 1935 ComiColor Cartoons animated short film produced by Ub Iwerks.
George F. Montgomery Sr. was a Democratic member of the Michigan House of Representatives.
U-ka saegusa IN db IV ~Crystal na Kisetsu ni Miserarete~ is the fourth and last studio album by Japanese group U-ka Saegusa in dB.
The Best of Aretha Franklin is a 1973 compilation by Aretha Franklin.
Buck the World is the second studio album by rapper Young Buck.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 457 , adopted unanimously on 4 December 1979 , addressed the ongoing Iran hostage crisis.
Baron Gaston van de Werve et de Schilde ( 22 March 1867 18 August 1923 ) was a Belgian Roman Catholic politician.
Kirkland Museum of Fine & Decorative Art is an art museum in Denver, Colorado.
Buchanan Street subway station is a station on the Glasgow Subway in Scotland.
The  1975 Swedish Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at the Scandinavian Raceway at Anderstorp on 8 June 1975 .
Wolfenstein: Youngblood is a first-person shooter developed by MachineGames and Arkane Studios and published by Bethesda Softworks.
Nunhead railway station is in the Nunhead area of the London Borough of Southwark.
The Edmonton air crash occurred on 4 September 1938 .
The University of New South Wales Australian National Football Club plays Australian rules football.
The Strange Adventures of Rangergirl is a 2005 novel by Tim Pratt.
Route 342  in Newfoundland and Labrador leads from Lewisporte to Embree and then to Little Burnt Bay.
Wapiti Pass is a mountain pass in the Northern Rocky Mountains of British Columbia, Canada.
The Night of Wenceslas is the debut novel of British thriller and crime writer Lionel Davidson.
Through the Devil Softly is the second studio album from Hope Sandoval & the Warm Inventions.
Grandes Exitos del Cine de los Años 60  is a studio album recorded for the U.
The Maw is an action-adventure video game developed by Twisted Pixel Games.
Julio César Bonino Bonino ( 2 February 1947 8 August 2017 ) was a Roman Catholic bishop.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334  was adopted on 23 December 2016 .
Socialism is the life of our people was a November 14 , 1992 talk by Kim Jong-il with the Senior Officials of the Central Committee of the Workers' Party of Korea in North Korea.
The Confessions of Dr. Dream and Other Stories is the fifth studio album by Kevin Ayers.
Harrien County was one of the four counties of the Russian Empire located in the Governorate of Estonia.
Gennady Modoy ( 28 December 1923 15 February 1994 ) was a Soviet middle-distance runner.
Club Penguin: Monster Beach Party is a television special based on Club Penguin.
The Chicago White Sox hosted the first Turn Back the Clock game in Major League Baseball on July 11 , 1990 .
Cursing the fig tree is one of the miracles of Jesus in the Gospels.
The Archivo General de la Nación de República Dominicana is the national archive of the Dominican Republic.
The Liggett & Myers Open was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour.
Jordair Jett ( born August 17 , 1991 ) is an American professional basketball player for the Nelson Giants of the National Basketball League ( NBL ) .
The Austria women's national floorball team is an Austrian national sports team that plays floorball.
David Johnston is a former Governor General of Canada.
A Line of Deathless Kings is the ninth studio album by My Dying Bride.
Decisive Moments in History is a 1927 history book by the Austrian writer Stefan Zweig.
Ryan Thomas Cordell ( born March 31 , 1992 ) is an American professional baseball outfielder for the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
Lynne M. Tracy is an American diplomat and Ambassador of the United States of America to Armenia.
Line 5  is a rapid transit line in the Madrid Metro system since 5 June 1968 .
The United States Virgin Islands general election was held on 6 November 2012 .
Thomas de Charlton was Archdeacon of Totnes during 1302 .
Mont Alto State Park is a Pennsylvania state park on in Quincy Township, Franklin County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
Wheelchair fencing at the 2016 Summer Paralympics was held in Rio from 4 September to 8 September 2016 .
Charge, Zero Emissions/Maximum Speed is a documentary film by Mark Neale.
"A Rose and a Baby Ruth" is a song written by John D. Loudermilk under his "Johnny Dee" pseudonym.
Love Is the Only Answer is a 2011 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Patrick Kong.
Giuliano Briganti ( January 2 , 1918 -- 17 December 1992 ) was an Italian art historian.
Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality ( HPMOR ) is a Harry Potter fan fiction by Eliezer Yudkowsky.
Shall We Descend is the third album by progressive rock band The Jelly Jam.
Neil Michael Hagerty & the Howling Hex is the third album by Neil Michael Hagerty.
Toy Soldiers Parachute Drop is a parachute jump-style ride, at Walt Disney Studios Park in France and Hong Kong Disneyland.
The Middle Eastern theatre of World War I saw action between 29 October 1914 and 30 October 1918 .
The National Popular Movement is a political party in Morocco.
Last Train Home is a 2009 documentary film directed by Lixin Fan and produced by Daniel Cross and Mila Aung-Thwin of EyeSteelFilm.
Family Life is a 2014 autobiographical novel by Akhil Sharma.
Tropical Storm Amy was the first tropical cyclone to develop during the 1975 Atlantic hurricane season.
Kleo the Misfit Unicorn is a television show for preschoolers.
The Same Stuff as Stars is a children's novel written by Katherine Paterson.
The West Coast National Park lies north of Cape Town in the Western Cape province of South Africa.
Christmas in Spiceworld Tour was the second concert tour by British girl group the Spice Girls.
Sher Bahadur Tamang is a member of the Federal Parliament of Nepal.
North Florida Community College is a public community college in Madison, Florida.
Knut Helle ( 19 December 1930 -- 27 June 2015 ) was a Norwegian historian.
https://rdgmc.comRuxmaniben Deepchand Gardi Medical College is among the new medical colleges in Madhya Pradesh state of India.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 2249  was unanimously adopted on 20 November 2015 .
The Dame's the Game is a crime novel by American novelist Al Fray.
Shae Kelley is a professional women's basketball player who recently played for the Minnesota Lynx of the Women's National Basketball Association for the 2015 season.
The Day the Earth Caught Fire is a British science fiction disaster film starring Edward Judd, Leo McKern and Janet Munro.
You Make Me Hate Music is the second album by the indie rock band Fine China.
Woori Yallock Creek is a tributary of the Yarra River.
In My Own Dream is a 1968 album by The Butterfield Blues Band.
Albert Falaux ( 10 April 1921 30 May 2013 ) was a French wrestler.
William Magee ( 18 March 1766 -- 19 August 1831 ) was a Church of Ireland Archbishop of Dublin.
The  33 d Flying Training Wing is an inactive United States Army Air Forces unit.
Hugh Orr ( 21 January 1878 19 April 1946 ) was an Australian-born English first-class cricketer.
Yards from scrimmage is an American football and Canadian football statistical measure.
Talk about the Weather is the first album by the British rock band Red Lorry Yellow Lorry.
Ministry of Energy, New and Renewable Energy Maharashtra or MAHAURJA is a ministry of Government of Maharashtra.
National Unified Leadership of the Honduran Revolutionary Movement was a front of leftwing groups in Honduras.
West Feliciana Parish Public Schools is a school district headquartered in St.
Stand Clear of the Closing Doors is a 2013 drama film directed by Sam Fleischner.
General Andranik formerly Hoktemberyan, is a Yerevan Metro station.
Marina Historic District is a national historic district in Delray Beach, Florida in Palm Beach County.
The New York Avenue Bridge is a bridge carrying U.S.
Paisley Park Soccer Complex was established in 1975 by the local City of Hobsons Bay council.
Armenian folk music is a popular genre in Armenian music.
Big Hill Pond State Park is a state park in the southwestern part of McNairy County in southwestern Tennessee.
Cayo Guillermo is a kay of the Jardines del Rey archipelago.
Don McKinnon is the New Zealand former Deputy Prime Minister and former Secretary-General of the Commonwealth of Nations.
Howell Binkley is a professional lighting designer in New York City.
The Delta Stewardship Council is a Government of California agency that is tasked with managing the Sacramento–San Joaquin River Delta.
Surviving Antarctica: Reality TV 2083  is a novel written by Andrea White.
Die Flucht aus der Hölle is an East German film.
Man on the Train is a 2011 crime-drama film directed by Mary McGuckian, starring Donald Sutherland and Larry Mullen Jr.
Anne Caroline Jenkin, Baroness Jenkin of Kennington ( born 8 December 1955 ) is a Conservative member of the House of Lords.
Fueled by Ramen LLC is an American record label owned by Warner Music Group and distributed by Elektra Records.
Free Girl Now is a song by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers.
The  2007 Internazionali Femminili di Palermo was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts.
Fincha Sugar is an association football club from Ethiopia.
Karl Marx: His Life and Thought is a 1973 biography of Karl Marx by the political scientist David McLellan.
Tear the World Down is the debut album by the gothic metal band We Are the Fallen.
The  2010 Commonwealth Bank Tournament of Champions was a singles tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.
Anything Else but the Truth is the first full-length album by The Honorary Title.
Jesse Howard Altenburg ( January 2 , 1893 -- March 12 , 1973 ) was a Major League Baseball player.
Fuel for the Hate Game is the first full-length album by Hot Water Music.
Ed Wildberger is a former Democratic member of the Missouri House of Representatives.
Puerto Padre is a municipality and town in the Las Tunas Province of Cuba.
Speech & Debate is a play written by Stephen Karam.
The Best is a compilation album by Bonnie Tyler released by Sony Music International.
Mount Craig is in Kluane National Park and Reserve in Yukon Territory, Canada.
Brad Scheer ( born 31 August 1998 ) is a professional Australian rules footballer who plays for the Gold Coast Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
The women's long jump at the 1962 British Empire and Commonwealth Games as part of the athletics programme was held at the Perry Lakes Stadium on Saturday 1 December 1962 .
He served as a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu.
The Lost Arrow Spire Chimney in Yosemite National Park is the first technical climbing route to ascend the entire Lost Arrow Spire.
The Amy Klobuchar 2020 presidential campaign was announced on February 10 , 2019 .
Salmos e Cânticos Espirituais is the third studio album by Trazendo a Arca based in psalms.
This is the United States Seventh Fleet Korean War order of battle.
The  2014 Bet-at-home Cup Kitzbühel was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts.
Live at Shepherds Bush Empire is a live album by English musician Gary Numan.
How to Be a Perfect Person in Just Three Days is a 1983 film produced by WonderWorks.
Walter George Woolnough ( 15 January 1876 -- 28 September 1958 ) was an Australian geologist.
Stone Mountain Wilderness is a U.S. wilderness area in the Clinch Ranger District of the George Washington and Jefferson National Forests.
Friedrich Karl Kühmstedt ( 20 December 1809 -- 8 January 1858 ) was a German composer.
The St. Petersburg Times was a weekly newspaper issued in St.
Football at Far Eastern Championship Games was the only major international football competition in Asia preWorld War II.
Stop In the Name of Love is the ninth studio album by American singer La Toya Jackson.
The Interpretation Act 1978  is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Wilfred Backhouse Alexander ( 4 February 1885 -- 8 December 1965 ) was an English ornithologist and entomologist.
Ein echter Wiener geht nicht unter ( German literally: A real Viennese does not go under.
The Taking of Pelham One Two Three is a 1998 Canadian/American television film directed by Félix Enríquez Alcalá and starring Edward James Olmos.
The Judge Advocate General of the United States Army ( TJAG ) is the commanding officer of the Judge Advocate General's Corps of the United States Army.
The Dahomeyan Unity Party ( PDU ) was a political party in the Republic of Dahomey.
Francisco José Martínez Pérez ( born 14 May 1983 in Churriana de la Vega ) is a Spanish former professional cyclist.
Spencer Carlin is a fictional character from the television series South of Nowhere.
Arnold William Reinold ( 19 June 1843 -- 11 April 1921 ) was an English physicist.
Henry Flear ( 21 January 1818 -- 16 April 1852 ) was an English cricketer.
Nathan Long born in Australia is a former rugby league footballer.
Miklós Boháty ( 6 December 1935 19 June 1983 ) was a Hungarian basketball player.
Come On, Jeeves is a comedic play co-written by Guy Bolton and P. G. Wodehouse.
The Transnistrian Republican Bank is the central bank of Transnistria.
Hitman Go is a turn-based puzzle video game developed by Square Enix Montreal and published by Square Enix.
Chow Lai Yee ( born 23 June 1967 ) is a Hong Kong swimmer.
Dustin Grow Cheever was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Feketeszárú cseresznye is a Hungarian play by Sándor Hunyady.
The Gabonese Union for Democracy and Development ( UGDD ) was a political party in Gabon.
The All Jammu and Kashmir Muslim Conference is a major political party of Azad Kashmir founded by Chaudhry Ghulam Abbas.
Andrew Gibb Maitland ( 30 November 1864 -- 27 January 1951 ) was an English-born Australian geologist.
Who Loves You is an album by The Four Seasons.
Charles Kenward ( 7 September 1877 14 November 1948 ) was an English first-class cricketer.
The Road a Year Long is a 1958 film directed by Giuseppe De Santis.
Gladys Esther Tormes González ( born 19 September 1933 ) ( a.k.a.
Porius: A Romance of the Dark Ages is a 1951 historical romance by John Cowper Powys.
Carried Away is the seventh album by People Under the Stairs.
From an Ancient Star is an album by Belbury Poly.
The Lord of the Rings: The White Council was a role-playing video game that started development at EA Redwood Shores.
Philip Bruce White ( 29 December 1891 -- 19 March 1949 ) was a British microbiologist.
Questa è la mia terra is an Italian television series.
The North Carolina General Assembly is the bicameral legislature of the State government of North Carolina.
The United Democratic Party is a political party in the Marshall Islands.
James Watson Curran was a newspaper publisher and editor who settled in Sault Ste.
Return to Rocheworld is a 1993 science fiction novel by Robert L. Forward and Julie Forward Fuller.
You Can Say You Knew Me When is a novel by K.M.
2120 South Michigan Ave. is the fifteenth studio album by George Thorogood and the Destroyers.
In the Absence of Pink is a live album released by Deep Purple.
Guidimakan Keri Kafo is a commune in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.
Dine Potter ( born 4 September 1975 ) is an Antigua and Barbuda sprinter.
The Immaculate Conception Church is a Roman Catholic church in Vidoši, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Daniel "Dan" Deasy is a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
Twelve Inch Anthology is a compilation album by Skinny Puppy.
József Molnár ( 21 March 1821 -- 6 March 1899 ) was a Hungarian painter.
The Satanic Rites of Dracula is a 1973 horror film directed by Alan Gibson and produced by Hammer Film Productions.
The Blue Mouse and the Big Faced Cat is a Chinese animated series from mainland China.
Devils Lake Wetland Management District is located in the heart of the Prairie Pothole Region of the United States.
Saint Kitts and Nevis competed at the  2018 Commonwealth Games in the Gold Coast, Australia from April 4 to April 15 , 2018 .
Claes Elefalk is a Swedish sports agent at the Creative Artists Agency.
Ace Von Johnson is the lead guitarist in the glam metal band Faster Pussycat and the rhythm guitarist for L.A.
The Republic of Ireland national football team represents Ireland in association football.
The Lieutenant Governor of North Dakota is a political office in North Dakota.
Santa María de la Alameda is a municipality of the Community of Madrid, Spain.
Somebody Loves You is the second album by Crystal Gayle.
Invergordon Distillery Pipe Band was a pipe band associated with the Invergordon Distillery.
Minutes to Midnight World Tour was the fourth concert tour by American rock band Linkin Park.
The Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry was established in 1818 .
Nechisar National Park ( or Nech Sar National Park ) is a national park in the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region ( SNNPR ) of Ethiopia.
Life as a Fatal Sexually Transmitted Disease is a 2000 Polish drama film directed by Krzysztof Zanussi.
Rainwater Observatory and Planetarium is an educational astronomical observatory and Planetarium run as an educational ministry of French Camp Academy.
Theoni V. Aldredge ( August 22 , 1922 -- January 21 , 2011 ) was a Greek-American stage and screen costume designer.
William Rupert Rees-Davies QC ( 19 November 1916 -- 12 January 1992 ) was a British Conservative politician.
Romance in Hard Times is a musical by William Finn.
The  2018 Rakuten Japan Open Tennis Championships was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.
Gnaeus Manlius Vulso was Roman consul in 474 BC with Lucius Furius Medullinus Fusus.
North Macedonia–Serbia relations are bilateral relations between the Republic of North Macedonia and the Republic of Serbia.
María de Villota Comba ( 13 January 1980 -- 11 October 2013 ) was a Spanish racing driver.
John Sandwall ( 26 December 1917 17 February 1980 ) was a Swedish fencer.
Jean-Philippe Pougeau is a French rugby league player who represented France national rugby league team.
Giuseppe "Pino" Brumatti ( 19 November 1948 -- 21 January 2011 ) was an Italian professional basketball player.
The fourth season of Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa premiered on 12 December 2010 on Sony Entertainment Television.
National Olympic Committee of the Republic of Kyrgyzstan is the National Olympic Committee representing Kyrgyzstan.
Abesalom da Eteri ( Abesalom and Eteri ) is an opera by the Georgian composer Zacharia Paliashvili and librettist Petre Mirianashvili ( b.
I Still Do is a 2016 album by Eric Clapton.
The Problem of Aryan Origins is a book by K.D.
The Madonna and Child with Saints Michael the Archangel and Andrea is a Cima da Conegliano painting oil on panel ( 194 x 134 cm ) dating from the late fifteenth century and preserved at the Galleria nazionale di Parma.
South Mountains State Park is a North Carolina state park in Burke County, North Carolina in the United States.
Rijckloff van Goens Jr. was a Governor of Dutch Ceylon during the its Dutch period.
The Turks & Caicos Islands national rugby union team represents the Turks and Caicos Islands in rugby union.
Joseph Turow is the Robert Lewis Shayon Professor of Communication at the Annenberg School for Communication at the University of Pennsylvania.
Hallucinations of a Deranged Mind  is a  1978  Brazilian horror film directed by José Mojica Marins.
Rush Rhees Library is the main academic library of the University of Rochester in Rochester, New York.
Now, More Than Ever is an album by Jim Guthrie.
The Popular Action of Equatorial Guinea is a political party in the Equatorial Guinea.
The Next Hundred Years is a 1994 album by Ted Hawkins.
The Uganda Rugby Union is the governing body for rugby union in Uganda.
Brisk Island is an island in the Great Palm Island group.
A Murder of Quality is the second novel by John le Carré.
The  2001 ELMS at Vallelunga was the sixth race of the 2001 European Le Mans Series season.
The Dark Side of Fame with Piers Morgan is a BBC television series presented by Piers Morgan exploring the downside of fame.
Marin County Line is the ninth studio album and eleventh album overall by the country rock band the New Riders of the Purple Sage.
The Ascent of Ethiopia is a 1932 painting by Lois Mailou Jones.
Jody Kollapen is a Judge of the High Court of South Africa.
Live at Brooklyn Academy of Music is a live album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet released on the Italian Black Saint label.
Marcus Poole Ruddle ( 16 January 1905 25 February 1986 ) was an Irish first-class cricketer.
Lok Sin Tong Leung Chik Wai Memorial School ( Chinese: 樂善堂梁植偉紀念中學 ) is a secondary school on Tsing Yi Island in Hong Kong.
The Iowa Law Review is a law review published five times annually by the University of Iowa College of Law.
Across the Black Waters is an English novel by the Indian writer Mulk Raj Anand first published in 1939 .
The  2014 United Football League FA League Cup is the first edition of the UFL FA League Cup.
The Independent Centre Party of Gabon ( PGCI ) is a political party in Gabon.
The National Museum of the Marine Corps is the historical museum of the United States Marine Corps.
Crypt of the Devil is the eleventh studio album by the death metal band Six Feet Under.
The White Caps Turnhout are an ice hockey team in Turnhout, Belgium.
An American Anarchist: The Life of Voltairine de Cleyre is a biography of Voltairine de Cleyre by Paul Avrich.
The Mahabharata is a mythological book by R. K. Narayan.
Country Songs for City Folks is a studio album by Jerry Lee Lewis released on the Smash label in 1965 .
San Lucas Canyon is a submarine canyon off Cabo San Lucas, Baja California Sur.
The Man Who Wanted Nothing is a 1968 Canadian film from Mary Walker-Sawka and Paul Sawka.
The Central Economic Mathematical Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences is an economic research institute located in Moscow.
The Port of Ploče is a seaport in Ploče, Croatia, near the mouth of the Neretva river on the Adriatic Sea coast.
The Grove Hill Courthouse Square Historic District is a historic district in Grove Hill, Alabama.
Wolverine and the X-Men is a comic book series published by Marvel Comics.
Nemanja Stjepanović ( born 7 February 1984 ) is a Bosnian football player who plays for FK Tuzla City in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Sierra Leone Studies is an academic journal about Sierra Leone.
Mamy Tiana Télésphore Gérard Ravelonanosy is a Malagasy politician.
On Earth to Make the Numbers Up is the debut album by the English indie pop band Fosca.
The International Skating Union has organised the World Allround Speed Skating Championships for Women since 1936 .
2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil is the official video game for the 2014 FIFA World Cup, published by EA Sports for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 .
Journey to the Center of the Mind is the second studio album released by The Amboy Dukes.
Scott Calvert Cartwright ( born 7 January 1954 ) is a former New Zealand rugby union player.
The Digital Television Transition and Public Safety Act of 2005  is a United States Congress legislation enacted on October 20 , 2005 .
Smokers Delight is the second studio album by Nightmares on Wax.
The  1901 Kentucky State College Blue and White football team was an American football team that represented Kentucky State College ( now known as the University of Kentucky ) as a member of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association ( SIAA ) during the 1901 college football season.
Thudikkum Karangal is a Tamil film directed by C. V. Sridhar.
Samuel W. Frank ( May 30 , 1904 -- April 17 , 1973 ) was a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
Roelant Roghman ( 14 March 1627 -- 3 January 1692 ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter, sketcher and engraver.
South Beach railway station was a railway station on the Transperth network.
The  1963 Provincial Speedway League was the fourth season of the Provincial League in the United Kingdom.
Leonard Samuel Burton ( 6 January 1824 -- 23 February 1895 ) , Generally known as L.
Faculty of PUCMM ( Pontificia Universidad Católica Madre y Maestra ) .
Holger Danske was a Danish resistance group during World War II.
Dock Work Convention, 1973  is an International Labour Organization Convention.
Thor Martin Nilsen Sauvik ( 15 May 1889 -- 21 July 1965 ) was a Norwegian politician for the Christian Democratic Party.
The Morning Lasted All Day: A Retrospective is a compilation album released by The Dream Academy in 2014 .
Park Mains High School is a secondary school in Erksine, Renfrewshire.
Forth Banks Power Station refers to a now-demolished coal-fired power station in North East England.
Anna Warakomska ( born 3 September 1992 ) is a Polish Woman International Master ( WIM )  ( 2015 ) .
Prevotella bryantii, previously known as Bacteroides ruminicola ruminicola subsp.
Henri Dartigues ( 16 September 1902 7 September 1967 ) was a French middle-distance runner.
With Davy Crockett at the Fall of the Alamo is a 1926 American silent western film directed by Robert N. Bradbury and starring Cullen Landis, Kathryn McGuire and Edward Hearn.
I Ain't Cha Homey is the seventh extended play by Esham A. Smith.
The Independent Order of Odd Fellows Hall in Salt Lake City, Utah, also known as the I.O.O.F.
Both Members of This Club is an oil painting by George Bellows.
A History of Money and Banking in the United States is a 2002 book by economist Murray Rothbard.
The Rolling Stones' Tour of the Americas ' 75 was a 1975 concert tour originally intended to reach both North and South America.
The Desired Effect is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter and The Killers frontman Brandon Flowers.
Dhrol State was one of the 562 princely states of British India.
The Concern for the Nation Functional Party is a political party in Indonesia.
Fort Boise Lake Wildlife Management Area at is an Idaho wildlife management area in Canyon County near Parma.
Daniel L. Anderson ( born September 20 , 1968 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
Mary Wolfe is a Democratic member of the Iowa House of Representatives, representing the 98 th district.
Debomoy Sanyal is a Bharatiya Janata Party politician from Assam.
Illegal drug trade in Venezuela is the practice of illegal drug trading in Venezuela.
Line 4  is a rapid transit line of the Madrid Metro containing 23 stations.
Richards, McCarty & Bulford was an American architectural firm.
The Saint Pierre and Miquelon national football team is the official football team for Saint Pierre and Miquelon.
Elections in the Netherlands Antilles were elections of the States of the former Netherlands Antilles.
Jumbo Plastic Linoleum Giants is a basketball team currently playing in the Pilipinas Commercial Basketball League ( PCBL ) .
Serra is a titular see of the Roman Catholic Church .
Anthony Gruszka was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
The Principal of the University of St Andrews is the chief executive and chief academic of the University.
Ingrid Margareta Almqvist ( 10 October 1927 9 November 2017 ) was a Swedish javelin thrower.
Öxnehaga Church is a church building at Öxnehaga in Huskvarna in Sweden.
The  2002 Las Vegas Desert Classic was the inaugural staging of a darts tournament by the Professional Darts Corporation.
One Night with You: The Best of Love, Volume 2  is the third compilation album released by American singer Luther Vandross, released on September 15 , 1997 by Epic Records.
Prescot South is a Knowsley Metropolitan Borough Council Ward.
The papal conclave of September 1503  elected Pope Pius III to succeed Pope Alexander VI.
The Grand Prix du Disque for Chamber Music is awarded by the Académie Charles Cros.
The Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology is a monthly academic journal published by the American Psychological Association.
Party of Freedom and Solidarity is a political party in Mozambique.
Frank Sinatra Sings the Select Rodgers & Hart is a 1995 compilation album by Frank Sinatra.
Sie kannten sich alle is an East German film.
I Blame the Government is the final studio album by Carter the Unstoppable Sex Machine.
Holy See–Spain relations are foreign relations between the Holy See and Spain.
The Shrewsbury Monthly Meeting is a monthly meeting in the New York Yearly Meeting of the Religious Society of Friends.
John Robert Sitlington Sterrett was an American classical scholar and archeologist.
The Secret Bride is a 1934 American drama film directed by William Dieterle and starring Barbara Stanwyck and Warren William.
Karl Ludwig Kahlbaum ( 28 December 1828 -- 15 April 1899 ) was a German psychiatrist.
The Fredric G. Levin College of Law is the law school of the University of Florida located in Gainesville, Florida.
San Andrés Villa Seca is a municipality in the Retalhuleu Department of Guatemala.
Wat Suwan railway station is a railway station located in Maha Sawat Subdistrict, Phutthamonthon District, Nakhon Pathom.
Joshua B. Howell was a Union Army officer during the American Civil War.
The Sword is Forged is a 1983 historical fiction novel by Evangeline Walton.
Bandannas, Tattoos & Tongue Rings is a studio album released by rapper Messy Marv on January 25 , 2005 .
Consortium for the Advanced Simulation of Light Water Reactors ( CASL )  is an Energy Innovation Hub sponsored by United States Department of Energy ( DOE ) and based at Oak Ridge National Laboratory ( ORNL ) .
The Last of the Street Survivors Farewell Tour is a concert tour by the Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd.
The Disunited States of America is an alternate history novel by Harry Turtledove.
August Konrad was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Diocese of Augsburg is a diocese of the Catholic Church in Germany.
Cora Bussey Hillis ( August 8 , 1858 -- August 12 , 1924 ) was a child welfare advocate.
Buzzy Boop at the Concert is a 1938 Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Betty Boop's young Tomboy cousin Buzzy Boop.
The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration ( FMCSA ) is an agency in the United States Department of Transportation that regulates the trucking industry in the United States.
Green Onions is the debut album by Booker T. & the M.G.
The Public Library of Libya is a public library in Libya, located in Benghazi.
15 Years: A Retrospective is the tenth Sons of the San Joaquin album.
Cockroach Cooties is a children's novel by Laurence Yep.
Chroniques du Pays des Mères is a French language science fiction novel by Élisabeth Vonarburg.
Virajpet Vidhan Sabha constituency is one of the 224 Karnataka Legislative Assembly constituencies of Karnataka.
Juan Pascual Azorín Soriano ( born 6 August 1951 , Yecla ) is a Spanish politician.
Kenny Burrell & John Coltrane is an album credited to jazz musicians Kenny Burrell and John Coltrane.
Turbo Ocho is the fifth studio album released by Roger Clyne and the Peacemakers.
The Grateful Prince is an Estonian fairy tale.
Fowlmere is a Royal Society for the Protection of Birds nature reserve between Fowlmere and Melbourn in Cambridgeshire.
The Iceman Cometh is a 1939 play by Eugene O'Neill.
The Seven Descents of Myrtle is a play by Tennessee Williams.
Glory by Honor VIII: The Final Countdown was the 8 th Glory By Honor professional wrestling event promoted by Ring of Honor.
Fred Huffman Wilt is an American biologist who was elected a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
The Senegalese Democratic Party is a political party in Senegal.
Poker Night at the Inventory is a poker video game developed by Telltale Games.
Payment in Blood is a crime novel by Elizabeth George.
Paris Métro Line 8  is one of 16 lines of the Paris Métro.
Don Ya Nang Railway Halt is a railway halt located in Don Ya Nang Subdistrict, Phachi District, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya.
Major General Michael R. Lehnert is a retired major general of the United States Marine Corps.
are kana suffixes following kanji stems in Japanese written words.
Before Dawn: The Music of Yusef Lateef is an album by multi-instrumentalist Yusef Lateef recorded in 1957 and released on the Verve label.
The Secret of Moonacre is a 2008 fantasy film based on the novel The Little White Horse by Elizabeth Goudge.
The Third Battle of Morlancourt was fought on 10 June 1918 , on the Western Front during World War I.
The Harold D. Donohue Federal Building and United States Courthouse, formerly known as the U.S.
Ross, Skye and Inverness West was a constituency of the Scottish Parliament ( Holyrood ) .
Microcosm: E. coli and the New Science of Life is a 2008 book by science writer Carl Zimmer.
Ivar Tingdahl ( 21 December 1893 9 February 1962 ) was a Swedish fencer.
Confession of a Child of the Century is a 2012 drama film directed by Sylvie Verheyde.
Nizam Uddin Hazari is a Bangladesh Awami League politician.
Frauenfeld railway station is a railway station in the Swiss canton of Thurgau and municipality of Frauenfeld.
Pantano High School is an alternative high school in the Vail Unified School District.
The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society  is a 2018 historical romantic-drama film directed by Mike Newell and written by Don Roos and Tom Bezucha.
The Incredible Jazz Guitar of Wes Montgomery is an album by American jazz guitarist Wes Montgomery.
Vedavathi Government First Grade College is a college in Karnataka.
The Principality of Halberstadt was a state of the Holy Roman Empire ruled by Brandenburg-Prussia.
Thomas Burr Osborne ( July 8 , 1798 -- September 2 , 1869 ) was a U.S.
Por Cuba y Vietnam is the ninth album by the folk music artist Rolando Alarcón.
Kentish Town West railway station, on the North London Line, is in Prince of Wales Road in the London Borough of Camden.
Painting The Corners: The Best of Fastball is a compilation album released by the rock band Fastball.
Ramona Villagomez Mangloña is the Chief United States District Judge of the District Court for the Northern Mariana Islands.
A Peep Behind the Scenes is a British novel by O.F.
The Employment, Social Policy, Health and Consumer Affairs Council ( EPSCO ) is a configuration of the Council of the European Union.
Still Snotty: Young, Loud and Snotty at 40  is an album by the American punk band Dead Boys.
Philippe Stern ( 11 April 1895 -- 4 April 1979 ) was a French art historian.
The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou is a 2004 soundtrack to the Wes Anderson film of the same name.
The Little Mermaid: Original Walt Disney Records Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the 1989 Disney animated feature film, The Little Mermaid.
The McMicken College of Arts and Sciences is a liberal arts college of the University of Cincinnati.
St Mary the Virgin is the parish church of Monken Hadley.
Nanyang Business School ( NBS ) is the business school of Nanyang Technological University, Singapore ( NTU ) .
Rubén Darío Gómez  ( 3 March 1940 23 July 2010 ) was a Colombian road racing cyclist.
General Pio del Pilar National High School is a public high school in Osias St., Poblacion, Makati City.
Africa Roman map Turres in Numidia is a titular see in Numidia of the Roman Catholic Church.
What Do You Want from Live is the fourth album released by The Tubes.
Memories of an Old Friend is a compilation album by Australian singer-songwriter duo Angus & Julia Stone.
Birney Maries Jarvis was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Mother Twilight is the 2001 studio album by Faun Fables.
The Presidential Young Investigator Award ( PYI ) was awarded by the National Science Foundation of the United States Federal Government.
The Gale Storm Show is an American sitcom starring Gale Storm.
Try This with Your Eyes Closed is the first release by the rock band Alesana.
Polar Ice is a Canadian vodka produced by Corby Distilleries Ltd.
The  2019 Southern Miss Golden Eagles football team represents University of Southern Mississippi in the 2019 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
Caridad de la Luz ( born January 21 , 1977 ) , a.k.a.
Archibald Nichols ( May 12 , 1819 -- November 1 , 1903 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Yunus Emre Sonsırma ( born October 8 , 1992 ) is a Turkish professional basketball player for Pınar Karşıyaka of the Turkish Basketball Super League.
The Gypsy Baron is an 1885 operetta by Johann Strauss II.
The Basilica of Our Lady of Mercy is a minor basilica in Yarumal, Colombia.
Heart Chamber Phantoms is an album by Yuka Honda.
The National Library of Madagascar ( Bibliothèque nationale de Madagascar ) is the national library of Madagascar.
Da Huang Pictures is a Malaysian film production company.
The Progresso Associação do Sambizanga sports club has a women's handball team competing at the local level, at the Luanda Provincial Handball Championship and at the Angola National Handball Championship.
The Procuress by Dirck van Baburen ( 1622 )
The Philip and Sarah Belz School of Jewish Music is a music school that focuses on Jewish music.
The  1924 Grand Prix season again saw Grand Prix motor racing in Europe and North America.
Bernard Chan Pak-li ( born 1976 ) is a Hong Kong politician with the Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong.
Kai Rabe gegen die Vatikankiller 26 November 1998 ( Warner Bros. Pictures ) -- Karl Bresser.
Rise of a Merchant Prince is a fantasy novel by American writer Raymond E. Feist.
The Entourage Music and Theater Ensemble was an ambient music group.
Our Revolution: A Future to Believe In is a book by U.S.
Fallen In Love was published on January 24 , 2012 .
The Measure of a Man: A Spiritual Autobiography is an autobiographical work by Sidney Poitier.
Mitti Roya railway station  is located in Pakistan.
Under the Influence of Bad People is an album by Screw 32 , released in 1997 on Fat Wreck Chords.
The Colorado National Guard consists of the Colorado Army National Guard and Colorado Air National Guard.
The Beijing Municipal Public Security Bureau is a department of the municipal government of Beijing.
The Manipur National Conference was a political party in the Indian state of Manipur.
BSG Wismut Gera is a German association football club playing in Gera, Thuringia.
Isabel Alicia Hubard Escalera is a Mexican mathematician in the Institute of Mathematics of the National Autonomous University of Mexico ( UNAM ) .
Denmark competed at the  1900 Summer Olympics in Paris.
Paolo II Vitelli was an Italian condottiero and cavalryman.
Fort Gratiot Township is a charter township of St.
The Agreement on the Application of Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures, also known as the SPS Agreement, is an international treaty of the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) .
Blue of Noon is an erotic novella by Georges Bataille.
The  2003 Brazilian Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held on 6 April 2003 at Autódromo José Carlos Pace ( Interlagos ) .
Man from Another Time is the fourth album by Seasick Steve.
Gaius Papirius Carbo was an Ancient Roman statesman and orator.
Dan Lyons is the chief executive officer of the Centre for Animals and Social Justice, a British animal protection charity.
The  2008 Casinos of Winnipeg Classic was held October 24 -- 27 , 2008 .
Mohamad Zamri Baba is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Malaysia.
Sri Dharmasthala Manjunatheshwara College of Dental Sciences is a dental school in Karnataka, India.
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is a 2009 fantasy film directed by David Yates and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures.
Stan Lee's World of Heroes is a YouTube-funded channel on YouTube.
The Tallahassee Historic District Zones I And II is a U.S. historic district in Tallahassee, Florida.
The God of the Hive is a 2010 mystery novel by American author Laurie R. King.
Doing Time: Life Inside the Big House is a 1991 documentary film about the Lewisburg Federal Penitentiary, directed by Alan Raymond.
The  1946 Kentucky Wildcats football team represented the University of Kentucky in the 1946 college football season.
Bar is the local season of the reality television series The Bar in Croatia.
The Tulane Green Wave women's basketball team represents Tulane University in NCAA Division I college baseball.
Arturo Alonso Tellechea ( born 6 August 1983 in Buenos Aires ) is a Spanish sailor.
XHBUAP-FM is a radio station serving Puebla, Puebla owned by the Benemérita Universidad Autónoma de Puebla.
Kirby's Dream Land 2 is a side-scrolling platforming video game developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy handheld video game console.
Shadow To Shine is a solo album from Bing Ji Ling.
Wiener Blut -- Die 3 von 144  is an Austrian television series.
The Hanged Man is the pilot episode of the American TV series Da Vinci's Demons.
The Jack F. Paulus Skiway is an airport located at Amundsen–Scott South Pole Station at the South Pole.
Short track speed skating at the 2011 Winter Universiade will held at the Atatürk University in Erzurum.
Hunter's Moon is the third studio album by the noise rock band Of Cabbages and Kings.
Robert Owen ( 13 May  1820  6 April  1902  ) was a Welsh theologian and antiquarian.
The Imperial Ethiopian World Federation Incorporated Political Party is a political party in Jamaica.
The Siege of Carlisle was a siege in the First War of Scottish Independence.
What the World Needs Now... is the tenth studio album by British rock band Public Image Ltd.
Trerhyngyll and Maendy Halt railway station was a railway halt in the Vale of Glamorgan.
Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood is a 1996 novel written by Rebecca Wells.
Edmund J. Labuwi ( born January 9 , 1873 in Rubicon, Wisconsin ) was a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Armand Caouette ( 20 July 1945 15 May 2010 ) was a Social Credit Party member of the House of Commons of Canada.
Battle of the Bands is a video game published by THQ and developed by Planet Moon Studios for the Wii console.
Roch Pedneault ( 10 April 1927 10 March 2018 ) was a Roman Catholic bishop.
I Am a Singer is a Chinese reality show broadcast on Hunan Television.
Hans Jacob Scheel ( 23 August 1714 , died 21 January 1774 ) was a Dano-Norwegian Major-General.
The Sydney International Archery Park was specially designed for archery during the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Leonidas de Toledo Marcondes de Montezuma ( 16 April 1869 -- 18 March 1937 ) was an English cricketer.
"If I Could Bottle This Up" is a song written by Paul Overstreet and Dean Dillon.
1921 Championship of the Soviet Ukraine was the first  football tournament conducted in the Soviet Ukraine.
Lego Star Wars: The Complete Saga is a Lego-themed action-adventure video game based on the Lego Star Wars line of toys.
Erling Nielsen ( 2 January 1935 -- 15 September 1996 ) was a Danish footballer.
Fade to Black is an action-adventure game developed by Delphine Software International and published by Electronic Arts Studios.
I Am a Bird Now is the second album by New York City band Antony and the Johnsons.
Nine Lives is the eighth studio album by REO Speedwagon.
HMAS Mermaid ( A 02 ) is a Paluma-class survey motor launch serving in the Royal Australian Navy ( RAN ) .
Vietnam will participate in the ABU Song Contest 2020 .
Gypsy Honeymoon: The Best of Kim Carnes is a compilation album by Kim Carnes, released in  1993 .
Pedro Bobadilla was Vice President of Paraguay under Eduardo Schaerer.
The Hawaii Rainbow Wahine basketball team competes in the Big West Conference for the University of Hawaii at Manoa.
Konika Rani Adhikary is a Bangladeshi badminton player and national champion.
Bob Morgan is a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives for the 58 th district.
The Army of the Potomac was the principal Union Army in the Eastern Theater of the American Civil War.
The Alliance of Resuming British Sovereignty over Hong Kong and Independence ( RBSI ) is a localist political party in Hong Kong.
The Marine Management Organisation ( MMO ) is an executive non-departmental public body in the United Kingdom established under the Marine and Coastal Access Act 2009 .
On the Leyline is the eighth studio album by Ocean Colour Scene.
The Soul of Ike & Tina is a compilation album by R&B duo Ike & Tina Turner.
The Astronomical Institute of the Czech Academy of Sciences was founded in 1954 .
The Sundown Playboys are a Cajun music band in Louisiana.
The  2016 Open Sud de France was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.
The  2007 Honda Grand Prix of St. Petersburg was the second round of the 2007 IndyCar Series season.
James L. Foley Jr. ( November 12 , 1885 ? )
The British nobility is the peerage of the United Kingdom.
The Kyrgyzstan U- 20 national football team is a youth football team operated under the Football Federation of the Kyrgyz Republic.
Jan Abel Wassenbergh ( 18 January 1689 , Groningen ca.
The Unity for Democracy and Justice is an Ethiopian political party.
Olivia Ausoni ( 20 April 1923 15 May 2010 ) was a Swiss alpine skier.
Family Dog at the Great Highway, San Francisco, CA 4 / 18 / 70  is a live album by the rock band the Grateful Dead.
The Monk Who Became Chief Minister is a biography of Yogi Adityanath, the 21 st Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh.
Speed Racer in The Challenge of Racer X was a game designed by Accolade.
The MV California Star is a ship in the Blue Star Line.
The Infinitive of Go is a 1980 science fiction novel by British writer John Brunner.
Melvin Olson was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate.
The Alchemy of Desire is a 2006 novel by Tarun Tejpal.
Constantine Doukas Nestongos was a Byzantine aristocrat and courtier.
The Uzbekistan Naval Forces are the naval arm of the Armed Forces of the Republic of Uzbekistan.
Saint Kitts and Nevis Red Cross Society was established in 1942 .
Return of the Tiger is a 1978 martial arts Bruceploitation film starring Bruce Li and a sequel to Exit the Dragon, Enter the Tiger.
The 2011 -- 12 William & Mary Tribe men's basketball team represented The College of William & Mary during the  2011 -- 12  college basketball season.
Frederick C. G. Brand was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
The  2016 Internazionali di Tennis Castel del Monte was a professional tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts.
The Landscape of the Pico Island Vineyard Culture is a Unesco World Heritage Site on Pico Island.
System of Transcendental Idealism is a book by Friedrich Wilhelm Joseph Schelling published in 1800 .
A Woman Scorned: The Betty Broderick Story is a 1992 American drama film directed by Dick Lowry and written by Joe Cacaci.
The Moonstone is a 1915 silent film directed by Frank Hall Crane.
The First Secretary of the Nakhichevan regional branch of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union was the position of highest authority in the Nakhichevan ASSR in the Azerbaijan SSR of the Soviet Union.
Live from Across the Pond is a live blues album by Robert Cray.
The  109 th Field Artillery Regiment is an artillery regiment of the United States Army and the Pennsylvania Army National Guard.
The Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction, commonly referred to as the Hague Abduction Convention, is a multilateral treaty developed by the Hague Conference on Private International Law.
Christine Winger was a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives from the 45 th district from 2015 to 2019 .
When Lost at Sea is the debut album by The Wooden Sky, released in September 2007 .
is a feminine Japanese given name and a masculine Croatian name.
KHL Medveščak Zagreb II is a Croatian ice hockey team.
Reactions to the  2009 Iranian presidential election varied across the world.
Circle of Life was founded by Julia Butterfly Hill.
Escape from San Quentin is a 1957 film noir crime film directed by Fred F. Sears and starring Johnny Desmond and Merry Anders.
Sings a String of Harold Arlen is a 1961 studio album by Tony Bennett.
The Best Years of Our Lives is the third studio album by Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel, released in 1975 .
Already Free is the sixth studio album by The Derek Trucks Band.
What is Living and What is Dead in Indian Philosophy is a 1976 book by Debiprasad Chattopadhyaya.
Dancing Through Life is a public art work by artist Schomer Lichtner.
Charles Arthur Woods ( 5 August 1929 -- 7 October 2015 ) was a New Zealand rugby union player.
Berbice Dutch Creole is a now extinct Dutch-based creole language.
Maayke Se Bandhi Dor is a soap opera that aired on Star Plus.
The Party of Rebirth and Conciliation of Moldova ( PRCM ) was a political party in Moldova.
The Order of Merit for Agriculture, Fisheries and Food is a Civil Order of Merit awarded by Spain.
In Fear and Faith is the third and final studio album by American rock band In Fear and Faith.
Enoch Mgijima Local Municipality is a local municipality of South Africa.
Willard H. Chandler ( November 18 , 1830 -- March 24 , 1901 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.
The United States House Permanent Select Committee on Aging was a permanent select committee of the United States House of Representatives between 1974 and 1992 .
Ponte de Sor, Tramaga e Vale de Açor is one of the parishes located in Ponte de Sor Municipality, Portugal.
Burning Japan Live 1999  is a live album by the Swedish melodic death metal band Arch Enemy.
Jubileum Volume III is a compilation album by Bathory.
José Antonio Almazán González ( born 1 June 1949 ) is a Mexican politician from the Party of the Democratic Revolution.
The Young African Leaders Initiative ( YALI ) is an initiative of the United States Department of State.
Sweden Super League is a rugby league competition of Sweden.
Penn Zero: Part-Time Hero is an American animated television series produced by Disney Television Animation for Disney XD.
The  2012 Kent State Golden Flashes baseball team represented Kent State University in the 2012 NCAA Division I baseball season.
Drowning with Land in Sight is the seventh studio album by American rock band The 77 s.
The Baltimore City Archives is the official municipal archive of the City of Baltimore, Maryland.
Sport, Exercise, and Performance Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association 7 .
Clifford Cocks was an Australian rules footballer for .
Dogs: Their Fossil Relatives and Evolutionary History is a book by Xiaoming Wang and Richard H. Tedford.
The Fire in Our Throats Will Beckon the Thaw is the second full-length studio album by Chicago post-metal band Pelican.
Nawae District is a district of the Morobe Province of Papua New Guinea.
The Standing Committee on International Trade ( CIIT )  is a committee in the House of Commons of Canada.
The Cadet is the weekly student newspaper of the Virginia Military Institute.
The Minister for the Cabinet Office is a position in the Cabinet Office of the United Kingdom.
Gian Francesco de Majo ( 24 March 1732 17 November 1770 ) was an Italian composer.
Callum Ah Chee ( born 9 October 1997 ) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Gold Coast Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
William Grene Power ( 24 September 1835 -- 14 August 1903 ) was a member of the Queensland Legislative Council.
Owls to Athens is the fourth book in the Hellenic Traders series by H.N.
Anders Kristian Omholt ( 27 November 1926 30 April 2017 ) was a Norwegian physicist.
The National Library is the national library of Vanuatu.
Ivan Valerievich Tkachenko is the Minister of Health and Social Security of the Pridnestrovian Moldavian Republic ( PMR ) .
The Moon Will Rise Again is the second album by Mississippi band The Cooters.
Richard Fogarty ( 12 December 1891 -- 9 September 1980 ) was New Zealand rugby union player.
Once Upon a Time in the East is a 1974 Canadian drama film directed by André Brassard.
The  1999 Barber Dodge Pro Series season was the fourteenth season of the series.
The NamibRand Nature Reserve is a private nature reserve in Southwestern Namibia in the Namib Desert.
HC Vlci Jablonec nad Nisou is an ice hockey team in Jablonec nad Nisou, Czech Republic.
TJ KOVO Beluša is a Slovak association football club located in Beluša.
Council Grounds State Park is a Wisconsin state park on the Wisconsin River.
Horizon Zero Dawn is an action role-playing game developed by Guerrilla Games and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment.
Fat Pig is an American play by Neil LaBute.
Ontario Forest Research Institute ( OFRI ) is a division of the Ministry of Natural Resources and Forestry ( MNRF ) located in Sault Ste.
Maria Marten, or The Murder in the Red Barn is a 1935 British film melodrama film starring Tod Slaughter and Eric Portman.
The Comedy of Charleroi is a 1934 short story collection by the French writer Pierre Drieu La Rochelle.
Tang Wing Keung ( born 10 January 1956 ) is a Hong Kong fencer.
William Swinden Barber FRIBA ( 29 March 1832 -- 26 November 1908 ) , also W.
The Azerbaijan national football team is the national football team of Azerbaijan and is controlled by Association of Football Federations of Azerbaijan.
St Andrew St John, 15 th Baron St John of Bletso ( 8 November 1811 -- 27 January 1874 ) was an English peer.
Animal welfare and animal rights topics in Australia
Kim Thi is former district of Hải Hưng Province.
Wang Shiying ( November 13 , 1905 -- March 26 , 1968 ) was a People's Republic of China politician.
Big River Township is an inactive township in St.
Honky Tonks and Cheap Motels is the first studio album by Whitey Morgan and the 78 's.
Kolonia Siedzów is part of Szymanowice Małe village, Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory.
The Great Lakes Maritime Academy at Northwestern Michigan College is located on West Grand Traverse Bay in Traverse City, Michigan.
The  1931 International Society for Contemporary Music Festival was the ninth edition of the society's annual festival.
Crank It Up: The Music Album is the first musical album recorded by Jeff Foxworthy.
Paul Gustav Heinrich Bachmann ( 22 June 1837 -- 31 March 1920 ) was a German mathematician.
John H. Hamilton Jr. ( February 9 , 1919 -- August 10 , 1986 ) was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
The Sun City Challenge is a golf tournament on the Sunshine Tour.
Sacred Sites and Pilgrimage Routes in the Kii Mountain Range is a UNESCO World Heritage Site located on the Kii Peninsula in Japan.
This Is a Hospital is the debut album by Chicago-based punk rock band The Ghost.
Ein Mann am Zug is a German television series.
The Adventures of Covan the Brown-haired is a Celtic fairy tale translated by Dr. Macleod Clarke.
Geoff Rodkey is an American screenwriter and children's book writer.
Central Bicol State University of Agriculture is a state university in Camarines Sur.
Langrisser II is a tactical role-playing game for the Sega Mega Drive console.
Eas Dubh, River Lonan is a waterfall of Scotland.
Vincent Dupuis ( 22 January 1889 11 May 1967 ) was a Liberal party member of the House of Commons of Canada and a Senator.
Eberhard Haun ( 1 October 1949 -- 8 August 1976 ) was a German footballer.
George Krouskop ( May 12 , 1832 May 23 , 1897 ) , was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate.
Jerónimo Etcheverry ( born 11 January 1988 in Montevideo ) is an Uruguayan rugby union player.
Sidi Bennour Province is a province of Morocco in the Casablanca-Settat Region.
In Your Eyes is a 1983 album by George Benson.
The Elliott District Community Government Council was a local government area of the Northern Territory, Australia.
Vainakh Democratic Party was a political party of Chechen Republic of Ichkeria.
Fabien is both a French given masculine name and a French surname.
Adobe Premiere Elements is a video editing software published by Adobe Systems.
Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Music Direction is the highest award for music direction in Bangladeshi film.
Sukhraj Aujla ( 2 January 1968 -- 23 March 2013 ) was a Punjabi folk singer.
Severe Tropical Storm Zelda was the last storm of the 1991 Pacific typhoon season.
Eyes and Ears of God: Video Surveillance of Sudan is a 2012 documentary film by Tomo Križnar and Maja Weiss.
The Game is a dice game designed by Reinhold Wittig.
Sharon Day is the United States Ambassador to Costa Rica.
The East Point Football Netball Club is an Australian rules football and netball club.
Laura Puppato ( born 17 February 1957 , Crocetta del Montello ) is an Italian politician.
The Extraordinary Adventures of Alfred Kropp is a 2005 novel by American author Rick Yancey.
Île de la Passe is an island of the Peros Banhos atoll in the Chagos Archipelago of the British Indian Ocean Territory.
I ragazzi del muretto is an Italian television series.
Paul Gabriel Antoine ( 10 January 1678 -- 22 January 1743 ) was a French Jesuit theologian.
The University of the Philippines High School Cebu ( UP High School Cebu ) is a high school run by the University of the Philippines Cebu.
My Wife is a Gangster 3  is a  2006  Korean film.
All Star Batman & Robin, the Boy Wonder is an American comic book series written by Frank Miller and penciled by Jim Lee.
Betty Boop with Henry, the Funniest Living American is a 1935 Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Betty Boop, and featuring Carl Anderson's Henry.
The  2003 Euro Beach Soccer Cup was the fifth Euro Beach Soccer Cup.
Denise Ouabangui ( born 8 June 1968 ) is a Central African Republic sprinter.
So Early in the Spring is the ninth album by Pentangle.
Olaf Liljekrans is an 1856 play by Henrik Ibsen.
Monte Hill Davis ( May 24 , 1932 -- June 2 , 2018 ) was an American classical pianist.
Institute of Nuclear Medicine & Allied Sciences ( INMAS ) is a laboratory of the Defence Research and Development Organisation ( DRDO ) .
The  1974 Brazilian Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at Interlagos on 27 January 1974 .
The Archives Nationales de la République démocratique du Congo are the national archives of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Ludwig Frankenstein is a fictional character who appears in the Universal horror film The Ghost of Frankenstein.
Creature in the Teacher is the 13 th book in the Spooksville series.
Shanghai Nanhui Senior High School ( 上海南汇中学 ) is a senior high school in Pudong District, Shanghai.
Clarence H. Carter ( May 19 , 1874 -- May 7 , 1958 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Cover for album It Ain't Easy by Three Dog Night.
Book of the Dead is a 2007 crime novel written by Patricia Cornwell.
Kwamie Lassiter ( December 3 , 1969 -- January 6 , 2019 ) was an American football safety.
← Kingdom of Hungary ( 1000 -- 1918 ) ← Austria-Hungary Hungarian People's Republic →
The Hollow Kingdom Trilogy is a fantasy trilogy written by Clare B. Dunkle.
Suitcase: Failed Experiments and Trashed Aircraft is a four-CD box set released by Guided by Voices in 2000 .
The Women's National Soccer League ( WNSL ) was Australia's top women's association football league.
Prince Caspian/The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is the second series of The Chronicles of Narnia that ran from 1988 to 1990 .
Hamburger SV II are the reserve team of German association football club Hamburger SV.
A Polka Just for Me is an album by Jimmy Sturr and His Orchestra released in 1987 , featuring the Jordanaires.
Portrait of a Seated Woman with a Handkerchief is a painting at the Art Gallery of Ontario.
A Place So Foreign and Eight More is a collection of short stories by Canadian-British writer Cory Doctorow.
The University of Texas at El Paso ( UTEP ) is a public research university in El Paso, Texas.
Canada–Democratic Republic of the Congo relations refers to the bilateral relationship between Canada and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Immaculate Conception is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lafayette in Indiana.
Namibia Rugby Union is the governing body for rugby union in Namibia.
Mandali Venkata Krishna Rao ( 4 August 1926 -- 27 September 1997 ) , shortly M.
Manuel Rebollo García ( born 2 July 1945 ) is a Spanish Navy admiral.
Inspiration: A Tribute to Nat King Cole is a studio album by George Benson.
Alette Coble-Temple is a professor of clinical psychology at John F. Kennedy University.
Batman: White Knight is a comic book limited series created by Sean Murphy.
Bus Conductor is Malayalam film directed by V. M. Vinu.
Benoist Simmat is a French author and a journalist with Le Journal du Dimanche.
Lukáš Mihalák ( 7 October 1908 in Ždiar 24 November 1988 ) was a Slovak cross-country skier who competed for Czechoslovakia at the 1936 Winter Olympics.
Greatest Hits is a compilation album by The Notorious B.I.G.
Upper Normandy is a former administrative region of France.
The Norka is a fairy tale from Andrew Lang's The Red Fairy Book.
Brumaire was the second month in the French Republican Calendar.
William John Wolfgram was a United States Army Lieutenant during World War II.
Live at the Knitting Factory New York City is an album released on Mundo da Canção in 1990 by Telectu.
The Dora Mavor Moore Award for Outstanding Direction of a Play/Musical is an annual award celebrating achievements in Toronto theatre.
Richard E. Hammel, a Democratic Party politician, was a member of the Michigan House of Representatives from the 48 th District.
Arthur Ambrose McEvoy ( 12 August 1878 -- 4 January 1927 ) was an English artist.
Secret, Profane & Sugarcane is the 2009 studio album by Elvis Costello.
Hector the Mighty is a  1972  Italian comedy film directed by Enzo G. Castellari.
The Ghirardelli Chocolate Company is a United States division of Swiss confectioner Lindt & Sprüngli.
The Lamp from the Warlock's Tomb is a gothic horror novel directed at child readers.
Smokey Bites the Dust is a 1981 car chase film from New World Pictures directed by Charles B. Griffith.
Gran Enciclopedia de Andalucía is a Spanish encyclopedia focused in Andalusia region.
Prospect Park South is a neighborhood in the New York City borough of Brooklyn.
Fine Clothes to the Jew is a 1927 poetry collection by Langston Hughes published by Alfred A. Knopf.
Sheikh Wahan railway station is located in Pakistan.
The Birthday Boys is a novel by Beryl Bainbridge.
The Path to the Nest of Spiders is a 1947 novel by the Italian writer Italo Calvino.
The Grover Cleveland Golf Course is a historic golf course located in Buffalo, New York that hosted the  1912 U.S. Open that was founded as The Country Club of Buffalo.
Normal as Blueberry Pie -- A Tribute to Doris Day is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter, Nellie McKay.
The National Theatre of Győr is a theatre in Győr, Hungary.
Breach of Peace: Portraits of the 1961 Mississippi Freedom Riders is a 2008 book by Eric Etheridge.
Kalu Lal Gurjar is a Bharatiya Janata Party leader.
The American Journal of Primatology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal and the official journal of the American Society of Primatologists.
Love Me Like You Used To is a country music album released by Tanya Tucker in  1987 .
In the Meantime is a motivational book by Iyanla Vanzant.
Pilot is the premiere episode of the American science fiction television series Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles.
DVD by Sexy is the only official DVD from Eagles of Death Metal.
Live Alive is the first live album compiled from four live performances by Stevie Ray Vaughan and Double Trouble.
Gwaii Haanas National Marine Conservation Area Reserve and Haida Heritage Site is a National Marine Conservation Area of Canada.
Higher Education Mega Center North Station is a station of Line 4 of the Guangzhou Metro.
Sand Lake Wetland Management District is located in the U.S. state of South Dakota and is administered by the U.S.
Success Harbour railway station was a railway station on the Transperth network.
Expedition 7  was the seventh expedition to the International Space Station.
José de Jesús Angulo del Valle y Navarro ( June 24 , 1888 − September 19 , 1966 ) was a Mexican Roman Catholic bishop.
The Salina Pumped Storage Project is a pumped-storage power station near Salina, Oklahoma.
The  2013 Chevrolet Silverado 250  was a NASCAR Camping World Truck Series race held on September 1 , 2013 .
Swan & Maclaren Architects is the oldest architectural firm in Singapore.
John Davis Chandler ( January 28 , 1935 -- February 16 , 2010 ) was an American actor.
The A Low Down Dirty Shame Soundtrack is the official soundtrack to the 1994 film A Low Down Dirty Shame.
Arundel Island is an island of the New Georgia Islands archipelago in the Western Province of Solomon Islands.
Hampstead Theatre is a theatre in South Hampstead in the London Borough of Camden.
Sir Lucious Left Foot: The Son of Chico Dusty is the debut studio album by American rapper Big Boi, released on July 5 , 2010 , by Purple Ribbon Records and Def Jam Recordings.
The Big Springs Lookout Tower is a fire lookout tower in Kaibab National Forest near Big Springs, Arizona.
The  2001 Texas A&M Aggies football team completed the season with an 84 record.
The Sand and The Stars is an album by the Bristol-based band Movietone.
Islands in the Net is a 1988 science fiction novel by American writer Bruce Sterling.
Mishima: A Life in Four Chapters is the soundtrack to the 1985 film Mishima: A Life in Four Chapters.
Soul Journey is the fourth studio album by Gillian Welch.
Honiara Solomon Islands College of Higher Education ( SICHE ) is a university in Honiara, Solomon Islands apart from the University of the South Pacific ( USP ) Solomon Islands Campus.
The national flag of Guinea was adopted on 10 November 1958 .
Buffalo Rock State Park & Effigy Tumuli is an Illinois state park on in LaSalle County, Illinois, United States.
William Frederik Duntzfelt ( 12 June 1792 -- 12 October 1863 ) was a Danish merchant.
The Nashville International Auto and Truck Show occurs each spring at the Music City Center in Nashville, Tennessee.
Expecting to Fly is the debut studio album by The Bluetones.
The Pakistan Billiard & Snooker Federation is the national governing body to develop and promote the sports of Billiards and snooker in the Pakistan.
The Copa Luis Villarejo is an association football in Puerto Rico.
Criminal Shadows: Inside the Mind of the Serial Killer is a book written by English professor of psychology, David V. Canter.
The Federal Republican Party of Las Villas was a political party in Las Villas, Cuba.
UC YMO: Ultimate Collection of Yellow Magic Orchestra is a compilation album by Yellow Magic Orchestra.
Lanka Prajathanthravadi Pakshaya ( Ceylon Democratic Party ) was a political party in Sri Lanka.
The  2005 Las Vegas Desert Classic was the 2005 edition of the Las Vegas Desert Classic darts tournament on 27 June until 3 July 2005 .
The Biz is a 1995 album by The Sea and Cake.
The Indian Film Festival of Sydney -- Bollywood and Beyond is a film festival held in Sydney.
Moon Moon, New South Wales is a rural locality of Hay Shire Council and a civil parish of Nicholson County.
The Noise of Trouble: Live in Tokyo is the second live album by the free jazz group Last Exit.
Belarusian National History and Culture Museum is a museum in Minsk, Belarus.
Secret Lives: Hidden Children and Their Rescuers During WWII is a 2002 documentary directed by Aviva Slesin.
Arnold Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller ( 13 July 1913 -- 16 April 2012 ) was a Danish shipping magnate.
Age of Empires III: The WarChiefs is the first expansion pack for the real-time strategy game Age of Empires III.
Live in London is a live album by the Brand New Heavies released in October 2009 .
Albrecht Brandi ( 20 June 1914 -- 6 January 1966 ) was a German U-boat commander in Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.
February is the second month of the year in the Gregorian calendar.
The Battle of Ban Pa Dong was fought between 31 January and 6 June 1961 in Ban Pa Dong, the Kingdom of Laos.
The Chargers–Chiefs rivalry is an American football rivalry between the National Football League ( NFL ) 's Los Angeles Chargers and Kansas City Chiefs.
The National Guard of Hawaii was established by Provisional Government of Hawaii.
FC Slavia Karlovy Vary is a football club located in Karlovy Vary, Czech Republic.
Gustav Simon ( 30 May 1824 in Darmstadt 21 August 1876 in Heidelberg ) was a German surgeon.
When a Shadow Is Forced into the Light is the seventh studio album by Finnish extreme metal band Swallow the Sun.
Midvinterblot is the eighth studio album by the Swedish death metal band Unleashed.
HMS Alacrity was a modified Black Swan-class sloop of the Royal Navy.
Spit Burger Lottery is an album by Jimmie's Chicken Shack.
TJ Rozvoj Pušovce is a Slovak association football club located in Pušovce.
The Irish Rovers Live is a 1972 album by The Irish Rovers.
Leeds Central Library is a public library in Leeds.
Alvin "Al" Ott ( born June 19 , 1949 ) is a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Forest Junction.
Nam Myo Ho Ren Ge Kyo is an album by Acid Mothers Temple & The Melting Paraiso U.F.O., released in 2007 by Ace Fu Records.
The Vlorë Wind Farm is a wind farm in Albania.
Welcome to My Living Room is a ballad written and sung by Carole King.
The Caribes de Anzoátegui is a baseball team in the Venezuelan Professional Baseball League based in Puerto la Cruz, Venezuela.
The Ice Hockey Association of the DPR Korea is the governing body of ice hockey in North Korea.
Aller and Beer Woods is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest.
Ardal County is a county in Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province in Iran.
The Saddle Buster is a 1932 Western film directed by Fred Allen and starring Tom Keene and Helen Foster.
Marti Webb Sings Gershwin: The Love Songs is a live album by Marti Webb, recorded and released in 1998 .
The Cross Country 144 Hole Weathervane was a golf tournament on the LPGA Tour from 1950 to 1953 .
Boats Against the Current is a 1977 album by Eric Carmen.
Alexander McKenzie was an Australian rules footballer for .
Spacehounds of IPC is a science fiction novel by American writer E. E. Smith.
Suel A. Sheldon was a member of the Michigan Senate.
Choctawhatchee National Forest is a United States National Forest established by President Theodore Roosevelt on November 27 , 1908 .
Ramon J. Alexander ( born October 19 , 1984 ) is a Democratic member of the Florida House of Representatives.
Valerio Sánchez is a field hockey player who competed for Argentina at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
The Fun of Watching Fireworks was the debut album by The American Analog Set.
The Pan Melanesian Congress was a political party in Papua New Guinea.
Age of Empires: The Age of Kings is a turn-based strategy video game developed by Backbone Entertainment and published by Majesco Entertainment for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console.
Black Earth: The Holocaust as History and Warning is a 2015 book by historian Timothy D. Snyder.
Martinique Championnat National is the top association football league in Martinique.
Worse than Alone is the fourth studio album by The Number Twelve Looks Like You.
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King was released on 25 November 2003 .
Paul Stumme-Diers ( born 1960 ) was a bishop of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America ( ELCA ) Greater Milwaukee Synod.
Nemocnice Motol is a Prague Metro station on Line A.
OŠK Trenčianske Stankovce is a Slovak association football club located in Trenčianske Stankovce.
Heaven Is a Playground is a 1976 book by Rick Telander.
She voiced Rukia Kuchiki in Bleach and Chun-Li in Street Fighter.
Ceres & Calypso in the Deep Time is the third studio album by American dream pop band Candy Claws.
Uttar Pradesh Rajarshi Tandon Open University is a public university in Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh, India.
Peak: Secrets from the New Science of Expertise is a 2016 science book by psychologist K. Anders Ericsson and science writer Robert Pool.
En vivo 1993 Argentina is a live album of Hermética.
Nauvoo-Colusa Community Unit School District 325  is a school district headquartered in Nauvoo, Illinois.
The Best of BCL is a greatest hits album by Indonesian singer Bunga Citra Lestari.
Jumbunna Coal Mine NL v Victorian Coal Miners' Association is a landmark Australian judgment of the High Court.
Tokyo Majin Gakuen Fuju Houroku is a video game based on the Tokyo Majin Gakuen franchise.
Burnt Oak Brook is a one-mile-long stream between Mill Hill and Burnt Oak in the London Borough of Barnet.
A Different Mirror: A History of Multicultural America is a book by Ronald Takaki.
One Dad, Two Dads, Brown Dad, Blue Dads is a children's book by Johnny Valentine and Melody Sarecky.
The Best of Bread, Volume 2  is a 1974 compilation album by the band Bread.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of San Fernando de La Union ( Latin: Dioecesis Ferdinandopolitana ab Unione ) is a Roman Rite diocese of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church in the Philippines.
Pierre Le Gloan ( 6 January 1913 -- 11 September 1943 ) was a French flying ace of World War II.
Love Is Love/Return to Dust is the debut album by the American hardcore punk band Code Orange Kids.
Kilmarnock and Loudoun was one of nineteen local government districts in the Strathclyde region of Scotland from 1975 to 1996 .
The Court of Appeal for Saskatchewan ( SKCA ) is a Canadian appellate court.
Dansk Folkepartis Ungdom ( Youth of the Danish People's Party ) is the youth wing of the Danish People's Party.
The Knave of Hearts is a 1919 British silent romance film directed by Floyd Martin Thornton and starring James Knight, Evelyn Boucher and Harry Agar Lyons.
The Plains of Abraham is a 1928 novel by James Oliver Curwood.
Eugen Guido Lammer was a mountaineer of Austrian origin.
Bulgaria–North Macedonia relations refers to the bilateral relations between the Republic of Bulgaria and the Republic of North Macedonia.
The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money was written by the British economist John Maynard Keynes.
The Cottager and his Cat is an Icelandic fairy tale collected in Islandische Marchen.
Through My Dog's Eyes is the fourth studio album by the Italian avant-garde metal band Ephel Duath.
Ruiwen Zhang is an American pharmaceutical scientist currently at Texas A&M University and an Elected Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
Kronos Quartet Performs Alfred Schnittke: The Complete String Quartets is a studio album by the Kronos Quartet.
Who I Am is the second studio album by contemporary Christian music singer and songwriter Jason Castro.
The Story of the Isle of Man is a 1901 book on the history of the Isle of Man by A.W.
The Vancouver Film Critics Circle Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Canadian Film is an annual award given by the Vancouver Film Critics Circle.
Marko Bijač ( born 12 January 1991 ) is a Croatian water polo player.
The Republican Party of South Sudan is a political party in the Republic of South Sudan.
Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Survivor is a tactical role-playing video game in the Megami Tensei series developed by Atlus for the Nintendo DS.
The Lost Art of Time Travel is a 2008 album by the progressive rock band Presto Ballet.
Forest Hill railway station serves Forest Hill in the London Borough of Lewisham, south London.
Stoned Immaculate: The Music of The Doors is a tribute album dedicated to the Doors.
Muleskinner Live: Original Television Soundtrack is a live album by the progressive bluegrass supergroup Muleskinner.
Alexander Van der Bellen ( born 18 January 1944 ) is the current President of Austria.
Hans Raj is the deputy leader of Himachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly and a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party .
Unrest in Gostivar and Tetovo took place on July 9 , 1997 in Macedonia.
The  2015 European Cup was an international rugby league football tournament.
HMS Diana was a D-class destroyer of the Royal Navy.
The UCSF Graduate Division is the graduate school of the University of California, San Francisco, and is located in San Francisco.
Hightower Text is a serif typeface designed by Tobias Frere-Jones.
The Athletics competition at the  2014 Central American and Caribbean Games was held in Veracruz, Mexico.
Rožmberk nad Vltavou is a town in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
The Fred P. Lossing Award is awarded by the Canadian Society for Mass Spectrometry to a distinguished Canadian mass spectrometrist.
North West England is a constituency of the European Parliament.
City West railway station is a railway station on the Transperth network.
The  2012 FIA WTCC Race of Portugal was the seventh round of the 2012 World Touring Car Championship season and the sixth running of the FIA WTCC Race of Portugal.
Solid State Records is a Christian record label, an imprint of Tooth & Nail Records.
Ogooué et des Lacs is a department of Moyen-Ogooué Province in western Gabon.
Playing to Win is the eighth studio album by Little River Band released on Capitol Records.
Diane Schuur: Live in London is a 2006 live album by Diane Schuur.
Blues with a Feeling: The Very Best of Taj Mahal is an album by American blues artist Taj Mahal.
Top Spin 2  is a 2006 tennis video game developed by Indie Built and originally published by 2 K Sports.
Archform: Beauty is a science fiction novel by American writer L. E. Modesitt, published in  2002 .
Johann Anton Schmidt ( 6 May 1823 -- 21 January 1905 ) was a German botanist.
André Marie Constant Duméril ( January 1 , 1774 -- August 14 , 1860 ) was a French zoologist.
Nanjing Communications Institute of Technology station , is a station of Line 1  of the Nanjing Metro.
Factory Falls is a waterfall located in the George W. Childs Recreation Site in Dingmans Ferry, Pennsylvania.
The Earth is Enough is a novel by author Harry Middleton.
Life Begins at 40 Million is an album produced by Jerry Harrison of the Talking Heads.
Affiliated with the Suffering is the second studio album by Norwegian death metal band, Blood Red Throne.
The US Open is a Grand Slam tennis tournament held in New York City at the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center in the area of Flushing Meadows.
Porvoo Cathedral is a cathedral of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland in Porvoo, Finland.
Mission from Mount Yoda is the fourth book of the Jedi Prince series by Paul Davids and Hollace Davids, and was released in February 1993 .
Willie Wildcat is the official mascot for the Kansas State University Wildcats.
Maria Helena Vieira da Silva ( 13 June 1908 -- 6 March 1992 ) was a Portuguese abstract painter.
Drumcondra is a railway station on the Dublin Connolly to Longford and Grand Canal Dock to Newbridge commuter services.
The Local Government Areas ( Re-arrangement ) Acts 1929 and 1931  were acts of the Parliament of South Australia.
Nelli Gorbyatkova ( 25 June 1958 -- 7 August 1981 ) was a field hockey player and Olympic medalist.
Sándor Lumniczer ( 16 January 1896 24 December 1958 ) was a Hungarian sport shooter who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
The women's 4 × 100 metres relay event at the  2011 Military World Games was held on 23 July at the Estádio Olímpico João Havelange.
The  2008 International Formula Master season was the second International Formula Master series season.
Mary Danforth Ryle ( 8 January 1833 -- December 21 , 1904 ) was an American philanthropist.
Murder on the Midnight Plane is book 3 in the Usborne Puzzle Adventure series of children's books.
Mar Hormizd Syro-Malabar Catholic Church, Angamaly is a church located in Angamaly, Kerala, India.
The False Inspector Dew is a humorous crime novel by Peter Lovesey.
Microsoft Edge is a web browser developed by Microsoft.
The Chosen One is a young adult novel written by Carol Lynch Williams.
Kinsman and Foreman is a 1966 social novel by Nigerian novelist T. M. Aluko.
The Dark Tower: The Wind Through the Keyhole is a fantasy novel by American writer Stephen King.
Louis Bossuet ( 22 February 1663 -- 15 January 1742 ) was a French parlementaire.
The Center for Head Injury Services is a nonprofit organization in St.
Mountain Stage railway station was on the Great Southern and Western Railway which ran from Farranfore to Valentia Harbour in the Republic of Ireland.
James Ledden ( died 19 January 1927 ) was an Irish Cumann na nGaedheal politician.
Aswarby and Scredington railway station was a station close to Scredington, Lincolnshire on the Great Northern Railway Bourne and Sleaford railway.
The Fort Payne Boom Town Historic District is a historic district in Fort Payne, Alabama.
The Council of Representatives is the unicameral legislature of the Republic of Iraq.
The National Football Association of Brunei Darussalam  is the governing body of football in Brunei, controlling the Brunei Darussalam national team.
Awudu Abass Abass ( born January 27 , 1993 ) is an Italian professional basketball player for Basket Brescia Leonessa of the Italian Lega Basket Serie A ( LBA ) as a small forward.
The Spider Sapphire Mystery is the forty-fifth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series.
Zakaria Zerouali ( 24 May 1978 -- 3 October 2011 ) was a Moroccan football defender.
Mister International is an annual male beauty pageant founded in 2006 .
Pop-Pie a la Mode is a Popeye theatrical cartoon short, starring Jack Mercer as Popeye.
Jean Brun ( 28 September 1926 30 September 1993 ) was a Swiss cyclist.
Yap Cheng Wen ( born 4 January 1995 ) is a Malaysian badminton player.
Wolfgang Dorasil ( 7 March 1903 21 March 1964 ) was a Czech ice hockey player.
Lou Rodgers is an American opera singer and opera director.
Wiwilí de Nueva Segovia is a municipality in the Nueva Segovia Department of Nicaragua.
The Andrew Young School of Policy Studies is located within Georgia State University.
Hermanus Eliza Verschoor  ( 10 July 1791 in Sleeuwijk 2 August 1877 in Sleeuwijk ) was a Dutch politician.
The Carolina Herald was the principal herald of the Province of Carolina.
The Shanghai Document is an early documentary film.
Madison Square Garden is a sports and entertainment venue in New York City.
The Patriotic Movement for Renewal is a political party in Mali.
The Arkansas River is a major tributary of the Mississippi River.
The Grimsby Red Wings are a British ice hockey club.
The Indonesian National Populist Fortress Party was a political party in Indonesia.
Village Park Historic District is a historic district in Canton, New York.
The National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA )  Division I Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS )  includes 130 teams.
Staro Nagoričane is a village in Republic of North Macedonia and the seat of the Staro Nagoričane municipality.
Hip-Hop: Beyond Beats and Rhymes is a 2006 documentary film written, produced, and directed by Byron Hurt.
The St. Louis Cardinals are a Major League Baseball franchise based in St. Louis Missouri.
Anand Varma is an American photographer of Indian descent.
British Army Independent Companies of Foot were first established in North America in 1664 .
La neve nel bicchiere is a  1984  Italian drama film directed by Florestano Vancini.
Michael McCartan ( 1 January 1851 -- 30 September 1902 ) was an Irish nationalist politician.
Ignacio Posada ( 3 March 1935 15 January 2015 ) was a Colombian fencer.
The Western Kentucky Lady Toppers basketball team represents Western Kentucky University in Bowling Green, Kentucky.
Original Underground Music from the Mysterious South is an album of American guitarist Norman Blake and the Rising Fawn String Ensemble, released in 1982 .
DeSoto Records is an American record label based in Washington, D.C.
Firefight at Yechon: Courage and Racism in the Korean War, is an autobiography by Charles M. Bussey.
Meeksi Estonian Apostolic Orthodox Church of St. John the Baptist was built in 1953 in Miikse village, Meremäe rural municipality, Võru County in Estonia.
The Naming of the Dead  is a 2007 episode of STV'sRebus television series.
KTAG-TV was the first television station in the Lake Charles area.
Jette Philipsen is a former women's cricketer for the Denmark national women's cricket team who played nine ODIs.
The  2018 -- 19 CAF Confederation Cup qualifying rounds were played from 27 November 2018 to 20 January 2019 .
Parallel Uni-Verses is a collaborative studio album by Del the Funky Homosapien and Tame One.
The Smyrna Church Habo is a church building in Habo, Sweden.
Brudenell River Golf Course is a public golf course located in Brudenell, Prince Edward Island.
The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven is a 1993 collection of interconnected short stories by Sherman Alexie.
The 2011 Asian Women's Club Volleyball Championship was the 12 th staging of the AVC Club Championships.
Suzanne Beauchamp-Niquet ( 11 August 1932 -- 22 February 2011 ) was a Liberal party member of the House of Commons of Canada.
Mix-ism is the fourth album from The Mad Capsule Markets.
For the Record: The First 10 Years is a compilation album by David Allan Coe.
John Michael Papit ( July 25 , 1928 -- April 6 , 2015 ) was an American football halfback in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and the Green Bay Packers.
My Year of Meats is a novel by Ruth Ozeki.
The Princess Diaries, Volume X: Forever Princess is a young adult book in the Princess Diaries series.
Lai Chi Kok Amusement Park was an amusement park on the west shore of Lai Chi Kok Bay in Lai Chi Kok, Hong Kong.
Olga Venecia Herrera Carbuccia ( born 1956 ) is a Dominican Republic judge of the International Criminal Court.
Clear Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge of the United States in northeastern California.
William R. Callahan ( April 27 , 1925 –January 1976 ) was a Democratic member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
The Cunningham Medal is the premier award of the Royal Irish Academy.
The National Bank of Rwanda is the central bank of Rwanda.
Compulsion Games Inc. is a Canadian video game developer known for Contrast and We Happy Few.
All Our Own Work is a studio album by Sandy Denny and the Strawbs.
Shelly L. Hettleman is a Democratic member of the Maryland House of Delegates representing District 11 .
The Hounds of the Morrigan is a children's novel by the Irish writer Pat O'Shea.
Nizhniy Norus is a village in Ysyk-Ata District of the Chuy Region of Kyrgyzstan.
Playford is a single-member electoral district for the South Australian House of Assembly.
The Thunder Basin National Grassland is located in northeastern Wyoming in the Powder River Basin between the Big Horn Mountains and the Black Hills.
When I Fall in Love is the seventh studio album by trumpet player Chris Botti.
The Ghosts of Motley Hall is a British children's television series written by Richard Carpenter.
Jumgal Too is a mountain range in internal Tian Shan in Kyrgyz Republic.
Foraire Uladh ar Aodh is an Irish poem by Maol Sheachluinn na n-Uirsgéal Ó hUiginn.
Gustaf Oskar Andersson Malme ( 24 October 1864 , Stora Malm in Södermanland County 5 March 1937 ) was a Swedish botanist.
The National Historical Commission of the Philippines ( abbreviated NHCP ) is a government agency of the Philippines.
The San Diego State Aztecs college football team represent San Diego State University in the Mountain West Conference.
Spinning Song: Duck Baker Plays the Music of Herbie Nichols is an album by American guitarist Duck Baker, released in 1996 .
Phred on Your Head Show is an American children's television series starring Doug Preis.
The West Indies National Party was a political party in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
I'm Glad My Mother Is Alive is a 2009 French film directed by Claude Miller and Nathan Miller.
The Lost Continent: The Story of Atlantis is a fantasy novel by C. J. Cutcliffe Hyne.
The American Party of South Carolina is a third party in the United States.
Triathlon at the  2011 Pacific Games in Nouméa, New Caledonia was held on September 3 , 2011 .
Cross-country skiing at the 2007 Winter Universiade includes ten cross-country skiing events.
Peter W. Matts ( June 20 , 1814 -- July 2 , 1903 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
The  2019 European Youth Olympic Winter Festival was held in Sarajevo & Istočno Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina from 10 to 15 February 2019 .
Gëzim Dibra ( 8 November 1956 ) was a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania for the Democratic Party of Albania.
Gregorio Babbi ( 16 November 1708 , Cesena -- 2 January 1768 ) was an Italian operatic tenor.
Jaspal Singh ( 6 June 1968 12 November 2015 ) was an Indian first-class cricketer.
The Ultimax Man is a 1978 science fiction novel by Keith Laumer.
Eyes of the Universe is a 1979 album released by Barclay James Harvest.
Grok is a neologism coined by American writer Robert A. Heinlein for his 1961 science fiction novel Stranger in a Strange Land.
Mladkov is a market town in the Ústí nad Orlicí District, Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.
New Sandy Bay Village is a village in Charlotte Parish, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
Love and Peace: A Tribute to Horace Silver is a 1995 studio album by Dee Dee Bridgewater, recorded in tribute to Horace Silver.
Manuel Komnenos usually refers to the Byzantine emperor Manuel I Komnenos .
The  2012 -- 13 North of Scotland Cup began on 28 July 2012 and ended on 20 October 2012 .
The Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Cambodia is the head of government of Cambodia.
Empire of Ash III is a post-apocalyptic science fiction movie from 1989 .
The Australian Institute of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Studies ( AIATSIS ) is an independent Australian Government statutory authority.
The Confederate Senate was the upper house of the Congress of the Confederate States of America.
The General Federation of Trade Unions is a national trade union centre in the United Kingdom.
Davis A. Donnelly ( born March 9 , 1927 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate.
Washingley is in the civil parish of Folksworth and Washingley.
Goodbye, Sarah Jane Smith is a two-part story of The Sarah Jane Adventures which was broadcast on CBBC on 15 and 16 November 2010 .
La Fourche is a station of the Paris Métro, serving Line 13 .
Moonlight Shadow: The Collection is a compilation album by British multi-instrumentalist Mike Oldfield.
William B. Duke ( December 5 , 1857 -- January 26 , 1926 ) was a U.
Kansas City 6  is a 1981 studio album by Count Basie.
The Redhead and the Cowboy is a 1951 western film directed by Leslie Fenton and starring Glenn Ford and Rhonda Fleming.
Back at the Laundromat is an album by U.S.
A Colt from the Country is a novel by Arthur Wright.
Sam Coghlan Murray ( born 31 January 1992 ) is an Irish rugby union player for Nottingham.
Crowther Charlesworth ( 12 February 1875 -- 15 June 1953 ) was an English cricketer.
A Girl in Every Port is a 1952 comedy film directed by Chester Erskine.
Anne of Ingleside is a children's novel by Canadian author Lucy Maud Montgomery.
Lake Fort Smith State Park is a Arkansas state park in Crawford County, Arkansas in the United States.
Johan Andersson i Raklösen  ( June 29 , 1866 -- January 19 , 1924 ) was a Swedish politician.
Boris Beljak ( 26 August 1930 5 January 2013 ) was a Croatian rower.
William Herbert Elliott ( July 20 , 1872 ?? )
When Johnny Comes Marching Home is a 1942 musical film directed by Charles Lamont and starring Allan Jones and Jane Frazee.
Michael McCoy is an American industrial designer and educator .
Kerstiaen de Keuninck ( 1560 , Kortrijk 1632 , Antwerp ) , was a Flemish Baroque painter.
The Philippines national beach handball team is the national team of the Philippines.
Nepali Jan Congress was a political party in Nepal.
It Had to Be You is a contemporary romance novel by Susan Elizabeth Phillips.
Joshua Pusey ( March 27 , 1842 -- May 8 , 1906 ( ?
One from the Modern is the fourth album by Ocean Colour Scene.
Chuang Tse and the First Emperor is a novel by Italian writer Anna Russo.
The  1963 German Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at Nürburgring on August 4 , 1963 .
The Chilean presidential election of 1920  resulted in the election as President of Arturo Alessandri.
The Second Lady is a political thriller by Irving Wallace.
Armin van Buuren: In The Mix is a music video game for the Wii console.
She won medals representing Austria at the 1976 Winter Paralympics and at the 1980 Winter Paralympics.
My Year of Rest and Relaxation is a 2018 novel by American author Ottessa Moshfegh.
Ready to Fly is the seventh studio album by contemporary Christian music group, FFH.
Lingzhi station is a Metro station of Shenzhen Metro Line 5 .
Wild Gals A Go-Go is an album by Acid Mothers Temple & The Melting Paraiso U.F.O., self-released in 1999 .
Fred Gray is a composer of video game music.
Marie Blandine Sawadogo is a member of the Pan-African Parliament from Burkina Faso.
Women Prison is a film made by Media Asia Entertainment Group in 1988 .
The Last Days of Frank and Jesse James is a 1986 American biography western TV movie directed by William A. Graham and starring Kris Kristofferson.
Mihai Adam ( 3 July 1940 -- 11 December 2015 ) was a Romanian football player.
Richard Edes Harrison ( March 11 , 1901 -- January 5 , 1994 ) is an American scientific illustrator and cartographer.
The Law West of Tombstone is a 1938 Western film.
Jacob J. Aulenbacher ( May 3 , 1857 -- February 26 , 1931 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
The Wonder Book of Bible Stories is a 1904 collection by Logan Marshall published in the United States.
The Western Australian Women's Rugby League is the governing body of female rugby league in Western Australia.
Athletics at the  2016 South Asian Games were held in Guwahati, India from 9 to 12 February 2016 .
Le Fleuve Niger se meurt is a 2006 documentary film.
The  1961 SANFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the West Adelaide Football Club and the Norwood Football Club.
Matti Kuosku ( 4 March 1941 22 April 2012 ) was a Swedish cross-country skier.
The Tower of Silence is the second studio album by Steve Adey.
Klaus Pohl ( 1 November 1883 -- 28 November 1958 ) was an Austrian film actor.
Autobiography: Some Notes on a Nonentity is an autobiographical essay by American author H. P. Lovecraft.
The Seekers Sing Their Big Hits is the first compilation album by the Australian group The Seekers.
Laura Cox  is an American water polo player.
Martin Chapman ( 26 March 1846 -- 17 March 1924 ) was a New Zealand barrister.
The  2002 Argentina rugby union tour of South Africa and Europe were two a series of matches played by the Argentina national rugby union team.
Ironwood Forest National Monument is located in the Sonoran Desert of Arizona.
The Peter Nicol Russell Memorial Medal is awarded by Engineers Australia.
The Marching Scarlet Knights ( also known as The Pride of New Jersey ) is the marching band of Rutgers University.
The  1980 South African Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held on 1 March 1980 at Kyalami in Gauteng, South Africa.
Robert Lees ( July 3 , 1842 -- September 21 , 1908 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate and the Wisconsin State Assembly.
The Jackson 5 First National Tour was the Jackson 5 's first tour of the United States.
The West Chapel Hill Historic District is a national historic district in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
Mário Wallace Simonsen ( 21 February 1909 -- 24 March 1965 ) .
The Bridge: The Life and Rise of Barack Obama is a 2010 biography of Barack Obama, written by journalist David Remnick.
Bernard Joseph McLaughlin ( November 19 , 1912 -- January 5 , 2015 ) was an American bishop of the Roman Catholic Church.
Pierre George ( 11 October 1909 -- 11 September 2006 ) was a French geographer.
Novosibirsk Lavrentyev Lyceum 130  -- secondary school in Akademgorodok, Novosibirsk.
Brummana is a town in the Matn District of the Mount Lebanon Governorate in Lebanon.
Jock the Leg and the Merry Merchant is Child ballad 282 .
Katie Stuart is a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives from the 112 th district.
The Oklahoma Office of Educational Quality and Accountability ( EQA )  is an agency of the government of Oklahoma.
Big Gay Out is the name a LGBT festival in New Zealand.
Young & Reckless is an album by Dirty Penny.
Death Comes to Pemberley is a British novel by P.D.
Ladislav Chmelík is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Czech Republic.
Glenden Enterprises is a stock car racing team which currently competes in the NASCAR Gander Outdoors Truck Series.
Belleplain State Forest is a New Jersey State Forest in northern Cape May County and eastern Cumberland County.
A Winter of Cyclists is a 2013 documentary film by Mike Prendergast.
I Served the King of England is a novel by the Czech writer Bohumil Hrabal.
The  1957 Washington State Cougars football team was an American football team that represented Washington State College during the 1957 NCAA University Division football season.
Ice hockey at the 1998 Winter Olympics was played at The Big Hat and Aqua Wing Arena in Nagano, Japan.
Sir Clement le Neve Foster ( March 23 , 1841 -- April 19 , 1904 ) was an English geologist and mineralogist.
Oscar Fitzallen Moore ( January 27 , 1817 -- June 24 , 1885 ) was a U.S.
50 Squadron SAAF was a South African Air Force squadron during World War II.
Pádraic Ó Máille ( 23 February 1878 -- 19 January 1946 ) was an Irish politician.
The American Bible Challenge is a biblical-themed American television game show created by Game Show Network.
Battle Cry is the sixth live album released by Judas Priest on 25 March 2016 .
Le Sac des Filles is the first album by Camille.
Round About Midnight at the Cafe Bohemia is a live album by American jazz trumpeter Kenny Dorham.
The Ministry of Legal Affairs of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines oversees the legal system in the government of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
The Island of Doctor Moreau is an 1896 science fiction novel written by H. G. Wells.
Upon a Different Shore is the second studio album by English comedian and actor Alexander Armstrong.
More George Thorogood and the Destroyers is the fourth album by George Thorogood and The Destroyers, released in 1980 .
The Soo Michigan Realtors were a Junior "A" ice hockey team from Sault Ste.
James C. Reynolds ( July 17 , 1849 -- September 4 , 1933 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.
Pokémon: Jirachi Wish Maker is a 2003 anime film directed by Kunihiko Yuyama.
I Changed a Lot is the eighth studio album by DJ Khaled.
La Peste is the second album by Alabama 3 .
The Principles of State and Government in Islam is a book written by Muhammad Asad.
Citizens for Mecklenburg-Vorpommern ( BMV ) was a regionalist political party in Germany based in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
Barbara L. McQuade is the former United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan.
United States Joint Forces Command ( USJFCOM ) was a Unified Combatant Command of the United States Armed Forces.
Live in Germany is the first live album of rock singer Joe Lynn Turner.
Rosslare Strand railway station is in County Wexford, Ireland.
Carpenters with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra is a compilation album by American duo the Carpenters.
Little Oakley Channel Deposit is a 3 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Little Oakley in Essex.
Monument of Metal is a 2011 compilation album by Canadian heavy metal band Anvil.
Capital City Alternative School is an alternative school in Jackson, Mississippi operated by Jackson Public School District.
Robin Hood Rescuing Will Stutly is Child ballad 141 , about Robin Hood.
History of Woman Suffrage is a book that was produced by Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Susan B. Anthony, Matilda Joslyn Gage and Ida Husted Harper.
The Waco Suspension Bridge crosses the Brazos River in Waco, Texas.
The Alpine Lakes Wilderness is a large wilderness area spanning the Central Cascades of Washington state in the United States.
Louis Mosiello was a Republican member of the New York State Assembly representing Yonkers.
Simo Saloranta ( 12 December 1934 8 November 2017 ) was a Finnish long-distance runner.
Hans Alexis von Biehler ( June 16 , 1818 -- December 30 , 1886 ) -- was a Prussian general.
William J. Callahan is the Deputy Director of the United States Secret Service.
The United States Virgin Islands Department of Education is the education agency of the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Steynsburg is a town of the Gariep Local Municipality in Joe Gqabi District Municipality of the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.
Kasumbalesa is a border town in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
George Tankard Garrison ( January 14 , 1835 -- November 14 , 1889 ) was a U.S.
La luz de mis ojos is a Colombian musical comedy-drama telenovela directed by Jorge Alí Triana for RCN Televisión.
The Jim Thorpe Lifetime Achievement Award is the highest award presented by the Jim Thorpe Association.
The Oratorio di San Rocco is a church in San Marino.
Alexander Stewart, Duke of Rothesay ( 16 October 1430 16 October 1430 ) .
Hubert the Teddy Bear: Winter Games is a sports party game developed by Teyon for the WiiWare.
A Memory of Two Mondays is a one-act play by Arthur Miller.
Ernakulam South metro station is a metro station of Kochi Metro.
You Secretly Want Me Dead is an album by the band Kind of Like Spitting.
Wijk aan Zee en Duin is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Holland.
Agua Caliente County Park is a park with geothermally heated springs.
A City Dressed in Dynamite is the debut album by That Handsome Devil.
The Max M. Fisher College of Business is the business school of The Ohio State University.
Antillanca is a ski resort in the Puyehue National Park in southern Chile.
The Life and Hard Times of Guy Terrifico is a Canadian mockumentary film released in 2005 .
Kampung Tok Imam Lapar is a small village in Hulu Terengganu region, Terengganu, Malaysia.
It Shouldn't Happen to a Dog is a 1946 American comedy crime film directed by Herbert I. Leeds and starring Carole Landis, Allyn Joslyn and Margo Woode.
La Campana National Park is located in the Cordillera de la Costa, Quillota Province, in the Valparaíso Region of Chile.
Greece ( GRE ) has competed at the IAAF World Indoor Championships in Athletics.
August Friedrich Pfeiffer was a Lutheran theologian of Germany.
William M. Colladay was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.
The Make Yourself at Home EP is an acoustic EP by The Starting Line.
José Osvaldo de Meira Penna ( 14 March 1917 -- 29 July 2017 ) was a Brazilian classical liberal writer and diplomat.
Running with Beto is a 2019 documentary film following Beto O'Rourke's campaign in the 2018 United States Senate election in Texas.
Charles Kent Osborne is Director of the Dan L. Duncan Cancer Center at Baylor College of Medicine.
Frank E. Childs ( December 27 , 1887 -- January 10 , 1973 ) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse trainer.
Earnest Wilson  is an American football coach.
FC Merani Martvili is a Georgian association football club based in Martvili.
The Duke of Mount Deer is a Taiwanese television series adapted from Louis Cha's novel The Deer and the Cauldron.
Higher Superstition: The Academic Left and Its Quarrels with Science is a 1994 book by biologist Paul R. Gross and mathematician Norman Levitt.
The United States Virgin Islands cricket team has represented the United States unincorporated territory of the United States Virgin Islands in cricket.
The Michigan Daily is the daily student newspaper of the University of Michigan.
The university hospital of Heidelberg is one of the largest medical centers in the Federal Republic of Germany behind the Charité and the Klinikum der Universität München.
The Wild Party is a 1975 Merchant Ivory Productions film directed by James Ivory and starring James Coco and Raquel Welch.
Frederick William Jowett ( 31 January 1864 -- 1 February 1944 ) was a British Labour politician.
Lesley Judith Cantwell ( 22 February 1987 -- 7 June 2013 ) was a New Zealand racewalker.
Huw Lewis ( born 17 January 1964 ) is a Welsh Labour Co-operative politician.
Bryan Benson was Governor of the Bank of England from 1735 to 1737 .
Liana Del Balzo ( 4 March 1899 26 March 1982 ) was an Italian film actress.
Rastriya Jana Prajatantrik Party is a political party in Nepal.
Quando Elas Querem is a  1925  Brazilian comedy film directed by Eugenio Centenaro Kerrigan.
The  38 th Combat Support Wing is an inactive wing of the United States Air Force.
The Moon Lay Hidden Beneath a Cloud ( styled The Moon lay hidden beneath a Cloud ) was an Austrian musical duo composed of Albin Julius and Alzbeth.
Know Better Learn Faster is a studio album by alternative folk band Thao & The Get Down Stay Down.
Jim Jewitt ( 5 February 1933 -- 25 July 1990 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Peter Fitzallan MacDonald ( 4 September 1830 -- 19 June 1919 ) was a Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly.
Katrin und die Welt der Tiere is a German television series.
Living Things is the ninth studio album by alternative rock musician Matthew Sweet.
Genevieve Armstrong ( born 16 June 1988 ) is a New Zealand rower.
The Medal for Service in War Overseas is a military decoration awarded by Colombia.
The Party of Democratic Action–Islamic Path was a political party in Macedonia.
The Central Office District is the central business district for Downtown Richmond, Virginia.
James Perry Conner ( January 27 , 1851 -- March 19 , 1924 ) was a Republican U.S.
The Mexico City National Cemetery is a cemetery in Mexico City.
Mosaic: A Celebration of Blue Note Records is the 2009 debut album by The Blue Note 7 .
Saleh Ali Farrah is a former Member of Parliament in the National Assembly of Tanzania.
Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief ( also known as Percy Jackson and the Lightning Thief ) is a 2010 fantasy film directed by Chris Columbus.
The  2009 Korea Professional Baseball season was the 28 th season in the history of the KBO League.
The Mountain & Plains Education and Research Center is one of eighteen Education and Research Centers funded by the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health ( NIOSH ) .
Saïd Business School ( Oxford Saïd ) is the business school of the University of Oxford, named after Syrian-Saudi billionaire Wafic Saïd.
Pat Rehn is a Canadian politician who was elected in the 2019 Alberta general election to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta representing the electoral district of Lesser Slave Lake.
The Hebrew Benevolent Congregation Temple bombing occurred on October 12 , 1958 .
Solotvyn is an urban-type settlement in Bohorodchany Raion of Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast, 40 km from Ivano-Frankivsk.
Judson Augusto do Bonfim Santos is a Brazilian football player.
Affiong Williams is a Nigerian entrepreneur from Cross River State.
The Laredo Bucks were an ice hockey team in the Central Hockey League.
Seventy is a priesthood office in the Melchizedek priesthood of several denominations within the Latter Day Saint movement, including The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) .
Rolf Nyboe Nettum ( 17 June 1919 -- 20 January 2010 ) was a Norwegian literary historian.
In Koli Jean Bofane ( born 24 October 1954 in Mbandaka in what is now the Democratic Republic of the Congo ) is a Congolese writer.
Shediac Bridge-Shediac River is a local service district in the Canadian province of New Brunswick.
Middle Fork is an unincorporated community in Barbour County, West Virginia.
The Shelburne Free Public Library is one of two public libraries in Shelburne, Massachusetts.
North Derbyshire was a Parliamentary constituency in the United Kingdom constituencies.
Vivian Wong Shir Yee is a Malaysian politician.
Gillian Mears ( 21 July 1964 -- 16 May 2016 ) was an Australian short story writer and novelist.
The Bridge of Light is a science fiction novel by American writer A. Hyatt Verrill.
Rare Paul Gonsalves Sextet in Europe is an album recorded in 1963 by Paul Gonsalves.
Man You Love to Hate -- Live is a live album by the alternative rock band My Bloody Valentine.
Sayyad Kasran railway station  is located in Pakistan.
Mira Mesa Senior High School ( MMHS )  is a public high school in the San Diego Unified School District.
Jim Button and Luke the Engine Driver is a children's novel written by Michael Ende.
Juvenal Correia Leal is a São Tomé and Príncipe professional football manager.
World Sinfonía III -- The Grande Passion is an album by jazz guitarist Al Di Meola that was released in 2000 .
The Madonna and Child with the Infant Saint John the Baptist is a lost composition by Leonardo da Vinci.
Earith Bridge railway station was a station in Earith, Cambridgeshire on the Ely and St Ives Railway.
Live Well, Change Often is the second album by Irish rock band The Minutes.
The UTS-UC Hawks Handball Club is a handball club.
A Bad Wind Blows in My Heart is the second studio album by English musician Bill Ryder-Jones.
Arturo Marcelino Sosa Abascal ( born 12 November 1948 ) is the thirty-first and present Superior General of the Society of Jesus.
Why I Want to Fuck Ronald Reagan is a short work by dystopian English author J.G.
Jesse M. Peters ( July 21 , 1897 -- March 7 , 1962 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate.
Live at the Bass Performance Hall is a live album by Fleetwood Mac guitarist/vocalist Lindsey Buckingham.
Rovišče pri Studencu is a nucleated settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia.
From C to C: Chinese Canadian Stories of Migration is a 2011 documentary film produced and directed by Jordan Paterson.
The Great Compromise is a song written and performed by John Prine.
The Wife of Sir Isaac Harman is a 1914 novel by H. G. Wells.
South Korea competed at the  2007 World Championships in Athletics from August 25 to September 2 .
Without Some Help is a 2006 compilation album by Alpha.
Willem Drew ( born 1 October 1998 ) is a professional Australian rules footballer who plays for the Port Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Dorothy Megan Lowe ( 17 November 1915 -- 16 May 2017 ) was an English cricketer.
Guardians of the Galaxy: The Telltale Series is an episodic graphic adventure video game series developed and published by Telltale Games.
The Meuse/Haute Marne Underground Research Laboratory is a laboratory located 500 metres underground in Bure in the Meuse département.
United Arab Emirates–United Kingdom relations are the relations between the United Arab Emirates and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
The  1966 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held in the East Berlin suburb of Grünau in East Germany.
Frysztat County was an administrative territorial entity of the Second Polish Republic.
Days and Nights of Love and War is a 1978 book by Uruguayan writer Eduardo Galeano.
The Calcarios Micriticos da Serra de Aire is a Mesozoic geologic formation in Portugal.
Erik Viktor Almquist ( 7 March 1817 -- 13 December 1872 ) was a Swedish politician.
Le stagioni del cuore  is an Italian television series.
Panim is a Papuan language of Papua New Guinea.
Beväpna dig med tanken is a Freda' studio album released on 21 November 2014 .
The  503 d Aircraft Control and Warning Group ( AC&WG ) is an inactive United States Air Force unit.
Peter McGovern was a member of the Minnesota Senate.
Lyman Wellington Thayer ( October 30 , 1854 -- February 8 , 1919 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.
Occupational Safety and Health ( Dock Work ) Convention, 1979  is an International Labour Organization Convention.
Herbert James Bignall ( 28 January 1906 30 October 1989 ) was a British long-distance runner.
Sam Pek Eng Tay is a 1931 film directed and produced by The Teng Chun and released in the Dutch East Indies ( now Indonesia ) .
Bill James Presents The Great American Baseball Statbook is a book written by baseball sabermetrician Bill James in 1988 .
The  2002 North Texas Mean Green football team represented the University of North Texas in the 2002 NCAA Division I-A football season.
Fanuj County is a County in Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.
Bodh Raj Sawhney was a judge of the first High Court of Jammu and Kashmir upon its establishment in March 1928 .
A Night to Remember is a mystery comedy film starring Loretta Young and Brian Aherne.
The Coat of arms of New South Wales is the official coat of arms of the Australian state of New South Wales.
Ron James is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives.
The Secret Adversary or Adventures Inc. ( German:Die Abenteurer G.m.b.H. )
Niquiá Ecological Station is an ecological station in the Caracaraí municipality of Roraima state, Brazil.
Navigation: The OMD B-Sides is the fourth compilation album by English synthpop group Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark.
Lars Herman Tingsten ( 13 July 1857 -- 10 September 1937 ) was a Swedish Army officer.
The  2019 Generali Open Kitzbühel was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts.
The House by the Edge of the Lake is a horror film directed by Enzo G. Castellari.
Literature and Science is a 1963 book by Aldous Huxley.
Aiol and Mirabel is an Old French chanson de geste.
Sone Ka Dil Lohe Ke Haath is a  1978  Bollywood action film directed by Naresh Kumar.
High Rock is a former district of the Bahamas.
The Best Butter is a 1952 novel by the French writer Jean Dutourd.
This Alien Shore is a science fiction novel by American author Celia S. Friedman.
Krishnan Kumar Aggarwal ( born 25 January 1939 ) is a Kenyan field hockey player.
Marks Tey Brickpit is a 29 . 5 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Marks Tey in Essex.
Microscopic View of a Telescopic Realm is an album by Tourniquet.
Taylor Glacier is a small cirque glacier in Rocky Mountain National Park in the U.S. state of Colorado.
Pat Crowley ( 17 May 1933 -- 16 December 2013 ) was an Irish fashion designer.
The  1970 Canadian Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at Circuit Mont-Tremblant on September 20 , 1970 .
Boston Drops the Gloves: A Tribute to Slapshot is a tribute album to Boston hardcore punk band Slapshot.
Bero Chandia railway station  is located in Pakistan.
The Greater Poland Regional Assembly is the regional legislature of the Voivodeship of Greater Poland.
Hildegund Sünderhauf-Kravets is a family law professor at the Lutheran University of Applied Sciences Nuremberg in Germany.
Antoine Jourde ( 23 September 1848 -- 30 January 1923 ) was a French politician.
The Bobby Bourn Memorial Players Championship is a darts tournament staged by the Professional Darts Corporation.
The Man of Stone is a Romanian fairy tale collected by Petre Ispirescu in Legende sau basmele românilor.
Mirian Burduli ( born 6 January 1991 ) is a Georgian rugby union player.
The Minister for Internal Trade is a member of the Cabinet of Canada.
Egmond aan den Hoef is a village in the Dutch province of North Holland.
If No One Sang is the fourth studio album by English rock band Dave Dee, Dozy, Beaky, Mick & Tich.
On 5 April 2014 , an Australian Senate special election in Western Australia has held.
David Louis Edelman is an American novelist and web programmer.
Raqiya Haji Dualeh Abdalla is a Somali sociologist and politician.
The Fergus Falls Regional Treatment Center is a former hospital located in Fergus Falls, Minnesota.
Flashman in the Great Game is a 1975 novel by George MacDonald Fraser.
Mother & Child is an abstract sculpture by Sorel Etrog.
The Suzhou Taihu Ladies Open was a professional golf tournament on the Ladies European Tour ( LET ) and Ladies Asian Golf Tour ( LAGT ) .
Melih Kibar ( 6 September 1951 -- 7 April 2005 ) was a Turkish composer.
Why I’m No Longer Talking to White People About Race is a 2017 debut book by British writer Reni Eddo-Lodge that was released by Bloomsbury Publishing.
The Mystery of the Yellow Room ( French: Le mystère de la chambre jaune ) is a 1930 French mystery film directed by Marcel L'Herbier and starring Roland Toutain, Huguette Duflos and Léon Belières.
A Place of Greater Safety is a 1992 novel by Hilary Mantel.
María Muñiz de Urquiza is Spanish member of the European Parliament.
William Douglas McHugh ( September 10 , 1859 -- December 26 , 1923 ) was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Nebraska.
The Mills of the Gods is an American silent film.
Laka was chosen to represent Bosnia and Herzegovina at the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 .
The Jammu and Kashmir Legislature is the bicameral legislature of Jammu and Kashmir.
FC Samgurali Tskhaltubo is a Georgian association football club from Tskhaltubo.
The TCR China Touring Car Championship is a touring car racing series based in China.
103 rd Heavy SS Panzer Battalion was a German heavy tank battalion of the Waffen-SS during World War II.
Johann Hermann Schein ( 20 January 1586 19 November 1630 ) was a German composer of the early Baroque era.
Owen Lentz ( born 24 January 1980 ) is an American rugby union player.
Junius Street is a station on the IRT New Lots Line of the New York City Subway.
Puzzle de Harvest Moon is a spin-off puzzle video game in the Harvest Moon series.
Atlantic Studios was the recording studio of Atlantic Records.
Jan Simonides Montanus was a Czech composer of the Renaissance era.
My Angel My Hero is a 2011 short film.
The 2016 Big East Conference women's soccer season was the fourth season for the newly realigned Big East Conference.
The General Staff of the Armed Forces of Azerbaijan Republic is the military staff of the Azerbaijani Armed Forces.
My Ten Years in a Quandary, and How They Grew is a 1936 collection of 105 short humorous essays by Robert Benchley.
Islam: What the West Needs to Know is a 2006 documentary film produced by Quixotic Media.
The Chief of Ordnance of the United States Army is a general officer who is responsible for the U.S.
The  1987 All Japan Sports Prototype Car Endurance Championship was the fifth season of the All Japan Sports Prototype Championship.
NGC 5315  is a planetary nebula in the constellation Circinus.
Lai Kok is one of the 21 constituencies of the Sham Shui Po District Council.
Westerham Wood is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest north of Westerham in Kent.
Corning Community College is a community college in Corning, New York.
Silver Cascade Falls is a waterfall located on St. Mary's Creek in the North Cheyenne Cañon Park of Colorado Springs, Colorado.
The  1960 New Mexico State Aggies football team represented New Mexico State University in the Border Conference during the 1960 college football season.
One of 18 Angels is a 2000 album by Diary of Dreams.
Highest Hopes: The Best of Nightwish is the third compilation album by Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish.
Chua Eng Kim was a Malaysian field hockey player.
All India Federation of Women Lawyers is an association of Indian women lawyers.
Niizuki was an destroyer of the Imperial Japanese Navy.
José Abad Santos ( : February 19 , 1886 -- May 2 , 1942 ) was the fifth Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines.
Mok Sau Hei ( born 24 January 1941 ) is a former Hong Kong cyclist.
Philippe Gérard Brood ( 20 July 1964 -- 13 April 2000 ) was a Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy ( VVD ) .
Lost Together is the fourth studio album by Blue Rodeo.
The  1910 Wellington City mayoral election was held to determine the next Mayor of Wellington.
Admiral of the Fleet Thomas Maitland, 11 th Earl of Lauderdale, ( 3 February 1803 -- 1 September 1878 ) was a Royal Navy officer and peer.
Aase Nordmo Løvberg ( 10 June 1923 -- 25 January 2013 ) was a Norwegian opera soprano.
Romuald Iosifovich Klim ( 25 May 1933 -- 28 May 2011 ) was a Soviet hammer thrower.
The Stadion Classic at UGA was a golf tournament on the Web.com Tour.
Negro Colleges in War Time is a short propaganda film produced by the Office of War Information in 1943 .
Paulo Reyes Garcia is a New Zealand politician and Member of Parliament in the House of Representatives for the New Zealand National Party.
Dedication: The Very Best of Thin Lizzy is a compilation album released by rock group Thin Lizzy in 1991 .
The  2017 UCLA Bruins football team represented the University of California, Los Angeles during the 2017 NCAA Division I FBS football season.
Jeder stirbt für sich allein ( 1970 ) is a German television miniseries produced by DEFA in the former German Democratic Republic.
Reinheimen National Park is a national park in Norway that was established in 2006 .
The National Bank of Tajikistan is the central bank of Tajikistan.
The Collected Works of the Roches is a 2003 album by The Roches.
Harold van der Heijden is a Dutch composer of chess endgame studies.
Laws of succession govern the order of succession to various monarchies.
Charles St. John ( October 8 , 1818 -- July 6 , 1891 ) was a U.S.
Poplar and Canning Town was a borough constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Taysom Shawn Hill ( born August 23 , 1990 ) is an American football quarterback for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Electoral Action of Poles in Lithuania -- Christian Families Alliance or EAPL–CFA ( or LLRA–KŠS or AWPL–ZCHR ) is a political party in Lithuania.
The men's triple jump competition of the athletics events at the  2019 Pan American Games took place on the 10 of August at the 2019 Pan American Games Athletics Stadium.
Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea is a 1995 Belgian-French drama film directed by Marion Hänsel.
The Apaseo River is a river of Mexico, a tributary of the Lerma River.
Halil Mete Soner is a Turkish mathematician born in Ankara.
Thomas Conrad von Baldenstein ( 14 September 1784 28 January 1878 ) was a Swiss naturalist.
Rimma Vasilievna Markova ( 3 March 1925 -- 15 January 2015 ) was a Russian film actress.
Slime Forest Adventure is a language learning game designed by LRNJ.com .
Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back is a 1980 American space opera film directed by Irvin Kershner.
The Saint Kitts and Nevis Defence Force is the military of Saint Kitts and Nevis.
The Garcia Wilderness is a wilderness area within the Los Padres National Forest in San Luis Obispo County, California.
Ordeal by Innocence is a 1984 mystery film directed by Desmond Davis.
Bruno Ballarini ( 18 April 1937 -- 17 January 2015 ) was an Italian football defender.
The Naches Heights AVA is an American Viticultural Area contained within the Columbia Valley AVA.
Mantsopa Local Municipality is a local municipality in the Thabo Mofutsanyana District of the Free State in South Africa.
The  1995 NASCAR SuperTruck Series presented by Craftsman was the inaugural season of the NASCAR SuperTruck Series.
Johann Friedrich Schultze ( born 3 October 1911 in Neukölln ) was a German mathematician and cryptographer.
Record Without a Cover is an album by artist Christian Marclay.
Gamindu Kanishka ( born 27 January 1987 ) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.
Legends from Beyond the Galactic Terrorvortex is the third studio album by Anglo-Swiss symphonic power metal band Gloryhammer.
Please Smile My Noise Bleed is an album by the Icelandic group múm.
Santosh Kumar Sahu was an Indian Politician belonging to the Indian National Congress party.
The Memorial to Zhou Enlai and Deng Yingchao is a museum in Tianjin.
Greatest Hits Live Tour is a live album by Level 42 , released in 2005 .
Histoire de Dom Bougre, Portier des Chartreux is a French novel from 1741 .
The  2001 Montana Grizzlies football team represented the University of Montana -- Missoula in the 2001 NCAA Division I-AA football season.
From Filthy Tongue of Gods and Griots is the second album by Dälek, released in 2002 .
The Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services ( FDACS ) is an executive department of the government of Florida.
How Deep Is Your Love or How Deep Is Your Love?
The Shelters of Stone is a historical fiction novel by Jean M. Auel published in April 2002 .
Cody Harris is a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives for District 8 .
An Episode in the Life of a Landscape Painter by César Aira was first published in 2000 .
David Peterson is a former member of the Arizona State Senate.
Tyrone de la Bastide ( 18 October 1938 -- 23 March 2008 ) was a Trinidad and Tobago footballer.
The President of the Constitutional Court of Italy holds the fifth-ranking public office of the Italian Republic.
The  1979 Penn State Nittany Lions football team represented the Pennsylvania State University in the 1979 NCAA Division I-A football season.
The Aqueduct at Marly is an 1874 painting by Alfred Sisley.
Rocket Fuel Is The Key are a noise rock band from Kansas City, Missouri.
Arunagirinagar is a village administrative division in Trincomalee Town and Gravets in Trincomalee, Sri Lanka.
Royith Bhoola was a member of the National Assembly of South Africa.
The Fall of the Stone City is a  2008  novel by the Albanian writer Ismail Kadare.
The Minnesota Senate is the upper house of the Legislature of the U.S. state of Minnesota.
University of New Hampshire Observatory is an astronomical observatory owned and operated by the University of New Hampshire.
Growing In is I Can Make a Mess's fifth full-length studio album.
The Anguilla Strategic Alliance is a political party in Anguilla.
The Cure is a 2018 Philippine television drama series starring Jennylyn Mercado and Tom Rodriguez.
The Far Shore of Time is a science fiction novel by American writer Frederik Pohl.
He Who Loves in a Glass House is a 1971 West German film directed by Michael Verhoeven.
The Squire, His Knight, and His Lady is a book written by Gerald Morris.
Zion is a fictional city in The Matrix films.
Coaches of the Sydney Kings of the National Basketball League ( Australia ) .
Dividing Creek is a tributary of the Pocomoke River on the Delmarva Peninsula.
The Public Records Act 1958  is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom forming the main legislation governing public records in the United Kingdom.
Xiaomi Mi Max 3  is an Android phablet manufactured by Xiaomi.
Dear Old Girl is a 1913 silent short romance film directed by Theodore Wharton and starring Francis X. Bushman and Beverly Bayne.
The Sierra Leone National Museum is the national museum of Sierra Leone.
Cartoon Network Studios is an American animation studio owned by Warner Bros. Entertainment.
Ustad Sultan Khan & Friends: Yaad Piya Ki Aayi is a studio album by Indian sarangi player and classical vocalist, Ustad Sultan Khan.
Dan Bus Company is an Israeli bus company based in Tel Aviv.
The Secretary of State of Colorado is the secretary of state of the state of Colorado in the United States.
No Way to Treat a Lady is a 1964 novel by William Goldman.
The  2017 Ottawa Gee-Gees football team represented the University of Ottawa in the 2017 U Sports football season.
Juan Gabriel Uribe Vegalara is a Colombian Conservative Party politician and journalist.
She represented the United States at the 1998 Winter Paralympics and at the 2002 Winter Paralympics in alpine skiing.
The Map and the Territory is a novel by French author Michel Houellebecq.
The Man Who Awoke is a science fiction novel by Canadian writer Laurence Manning.
Mad at the World is a Christian rock band from Southern California.
Creative Commercials is an Indian film production company established by K. S. Rama Rao.
Brendan McCaul is an Irish film producer and distributor.
Preston School of Industry is an indie rock band formed by Scott Kannberg ( a.k.a.
Kim Chang-Ae is a former female table tennis player from North Korea.
The Habeas Corpus Suspension Acts of 1688  were three Acts of the Parliament of England ( 1 Will.
Mario Sports Superstars is a sports video game developed by Bandai Namco Studios and Camelot Software Planning and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 3 DS handheld video game console.
Blue Reflection is a role-playing video game developed by Gust Co. Ltd.
Sultan Mohammed Esmail Kiram was a Sultan of Sulu.
Cuptana Island is an island in the Chonos Archipelago of Chile.
Héctor Manuel Rivera Pérez ( May 15 , 1933 -- April 9 , 2019 ) was an auxiliary bishop for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Juan de Puerto Rico.
Iran–Sweden relations are foreign relations between the Islamic Republic of Iran and Sweden.
Carolina Solberg Salgado ( born August 6 , 1987 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian beach volleyball player.
Maxwell Frank Cooper Day ( 21 December 1915 -- 31 July 2017 ) was an ecologist and the oldest living Fellow of the Australian Academy of Science.
Tarangire National Park is a national park in Tanzania's Manyara Region.
Reclining Figure: Arch Leg is a sculpture by Henry Moore.
William E. Merry was a member of the South Dakota House of Representatives.
John Clinton Stringfellow ( 26 February 1905 -- 4 January 1959 ) was a New Zealand rugby union player.
If You Could See Inside Me is the fifth and final studio album by A Lighter Shade of Brown.
Rain Rain Come Again is a Malayalam language film.
The Goblin Mirror is a 1992 fantasy novel by science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh.
Deer in the Works is a short story by Kurt Vonnegut.
Paul Kling ( 28 March 1929 -- 2 January 2005 ) was a Czech-born Canadian violinist.
My Trip Back to the Dark Side is a 2014 thriller film directed by Shane Stanley.
The Great Adventures of Wild Bill Hickok ( 1938 ) is a Columbia movie serial.
Richard knapt het op  is a  1943  Dutch film directed by Henk van der Linden.
Franck Pajonkowski ( born 21 January 1964 ) is a French ice hockey player.
North West Surrey was a county constituency in the county of Surrey.
Ethan Rusbatch ( born 24 May 1992 ) is a New Zealand professional basketball player for the New Zealand Breakers of the National Basketball League ( NBL ) .
The Ulema National Awakening Party is a political party in Indonesia.
Miles John Breuer ( January 3 , 1889 -- October 14 , 1945 ) was an American physician and science fiction writer.
Gangs of New York: Music from the Miramax Motion Picture is a soundtrack album for the 2002 film, Gangs of New York.
Léon Pierre Nijs ( 4 January 1890 1939 ) was a Belgian water polo player who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics and in the 1920 Summer Olympics.
The University of Minnesota School of Dentistry is the dental school of the University of Minnesota.
Peto, Brassey and Betts was a civil engineering partnership between Samuel Morton Peto, Thomas Brassey and Edward Betts.
Act of War: Direct Action is a real-time strategy game developed by Eugen Systems and published by Atari, Inc.
Ismail Changezi ( 19 December 1954 -- 17 July 2019 ) was a Pakistani television actor.
The United States of America is a 1968 album by The United States of America.
Rector election was held at Palacký University on 16 October 2013 .
Music from The Penguin Cafe was the first album by the Penguin Cafe Orchestra.
The  2016 Football League Two play-off Final was a football match contested between AFC Wimbledon and Plymouth Argyle.
The Mighty Miss Malone is a 2012 children's novel by author Christopher Paul Curtis and is a followup to his 2000 book Bud, Not Buddy.
The Nedbank Affinity Cup was a golf tournament on the Sunshine Tour.
National Bank of Dubai ( NBD ) is a building in Dubai, United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
Waves and the Both of Us is the debut album by Charlotte Sometimes.
The Fernando Montes de Oca Fencing Hall is an indoor sports venue located in the Magdalena Mixhuca Sports City area of Mexico City.
Elizabeth City Daily Advance is a daily newspaper based in Elizabeth City, North Carolina.
Empire of Two Worlds is the third science fiction novel by Barrington J. Bayley.
Drexel University College of Medicine is the medical school of Drexel University.
Phạm Thị Diễm ( born 24 January 1990 ) is a Vietnamese high jumper.
The  1980 Michigan State Spartans football team was an American football team that represented Michigan State University in the 1980 Big Ten Conference football season.
Freek van der Wart ( born 1 February 1988 ) is a Dutch male short track speed skater.
Philipp Wilhelm Jung ( 16 September 1884 -- 9 September 1965 ) was a German Nazi politician.
Holiday Trip of a Lifetime is the third studio album by Australian pop-rock band End of Fashion.
Diego Fernández de la Cueva, 1 st Viscount of Huelma ( died 26 November 1473 ) was a Spanish nobleman.
Studio Tram Tour: Behind the Magic is an attraction at Walt Disney Studios Park, Disneyland Paris.
Bill Harris is a Republican member of the Montana House of Representatives.
George Brown was an English executioner from 1911 to 1919 .
Essay on the Origin of Languages is an essay by Jean-Jacques Rousseau published posthumously in 1781 .
Liebe, Babys und ein großes Herz is a German television series.
Klara Elisabeth Johanson ( 6 October 1875 -- 8 October 1948 ) was a Swedish literary critic and essayist.
The State Highway 79 Bridge at the Red River is a bridge carrying Texas State Highway 79 and Oklahoma State Highway 79 over the Red River at the Texas-Oklahoma state line.
Majed Abdul Rahim Habib Ullah ( born 1964 ) is a Saudi Arabian fencer.
Hog Island is an island in Narragansett Bay in Rhode Island.
The Beit Shemesh Blue Sox were an Israeli baseball team from Bet Shemesh.
"Love, I Never Knew You Could Feel So Good" is a song by The Supremes.
The Strange Death of Adolf Hitler is a 1943 American war film directed by James P. Hogan.
Robert Ludlum's The Bourne Conspiracy is a third-person action stealth video game developed by High Moon Studios and published by Vivendi Games for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 .
Sultan Ahmed ( 16 August 1932 -- 19 June 1992 ) was a Bangladesh Nationalist Party politician.
The Best of 415 Records is a compilation album.
Dulkadir Eyalet or Marash Eyalet was an eyalet of the Ottoman Empire.
Translate Slowly is the 1985 debut album by The Reivers.
Ixchel Museum of Indigenous Textiles and Clothing or Museo Ixchel del Traje Indigena is a museum in Guatemala City, Guatemala.
Tom Gammill and Max Pross are an American comedy writing team.
Manga: Sixty Years of Japanese Comics is a 2004 encyclopaedia written by Paul Gravett.
Seyid Yahya Bakuvi -- was an Azerbaijani scientist and philosopher of medieval ages.
Sind University railway station is located in Pakistan.
Black and White and Dead All Over is a 2013 documentary film directed by Chris Foster.
The Rise of Nine is a young adult teen fiction novel by Pittacus Lore and the third novel in The Lorien Legacies.
The D+D Real Czech Challenge is a golf tournament on the Challenge Tour played in the Czech Republic.
The Luhansk State University of Internal Affairs named after E.O.Didorenko is Ukrainian university in Luhansk.
Common Thread: The Songs of the Eagles is a tribute album to American rock band the Eagles.
Federation of Nepalese Chambers of Commerce and Industry ( FNCCI )  is the umbrella organization of Nepalese Chambers of Commerce and Industry.
Maze National Park is a national park in the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and People's Region of Ethiopia.
Sword of the Stars II: Lords of Winter is a science fiction strategy video game developed by Kerberos Productions.
The Holcroft Covenant is a 1985 thriller film based on the Robert Ludlum novel of the same name.
Siegfried Wischnewski ( 15 April 1922 -- 24 January 1989 ) was a German stage and film actor.
Simon Smith was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
The  2019 Quaker State 400 presented by Walmart was a Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series race held on July 13 , 2019 at Kentucky Speedway in Sparta, Kentucky.
John Wandesford, 1 st Earl Wandesford ( 24 May 1725 -- 12 January 1784 ) was an Anglo-Irish peer.
Da Gama Park is a suburb of the City of Cape Town in the Western Cape province of South Africa.
The Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority ( HFEA ) is an executive non-departmental public body of the Department of Health and Social Care in the United Kingdom.
The Darker Face of the Earth is a verse play written by Rita Dove.
The Portrait of Infante Isabella Clara Eugenia is a painting by Rubens of Isabella Clara Eugenia.
Christian Kirchberger ( born 20 January 1944 ) is an Austrian ice hockey player.
Farewell to Matyora is a 1976 novel by Valentin Rasputin.
River City Revival is an album by Alabama Thunderpussy.
The Great Adventure is the third studio album by progressive rock supergroup The Neal Morse Band, released on January 25 , 2019 .
Riachão do Jacuípe is a Brazilian municipality of Bahia state.
Matt in 13 Zügen is a German television series.
The Greek Orthodox Church of St. George of Piscataway, New Jersey is the largest Greek congregation in New Jersey.
…And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead was the first full-length release from rock band ...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead.
Four More Years in the Bush Leagues is a 2005 album by the Capitol Steps.
Out of Gas: The End of the Age of Oil is a 2004 book written by David Goodstein.
Blekinge County Council is the county council of Blekinge County in Sweden.
The National Library of Cameroon is the national library of Cameroon ( Bibliothèque nationale du Cameroun ) .
Li Shaochun ( 4 November 1919 -- 21 September 1975 ) was a Peking opera singer.
Seed to Sun is the first solo studio album by Boom Bip.
The  1972 United States Figure Skating Championships was an event organized by U.S.
Pirates of the Great Salt Lake is a film made in 2006 by Blueshift Entertainment.
"Fly on the Wings of Love" performed by the Olsen Brothers represented Denmark in the Eurovision Song Contest 2000 .
Església de la Santa Creu de Canillo is a small church located in Canillo, Andorra.
St John's College Boat Club ( SJCBC ) is the rowing club of St John's College, Durham University, England.
Caterina Boratto ( 15 March 1915 14 September 2010 ) was an Italian film actress.
The Gros Ventre Wilderness is located in Bridger-Teton National Forest in the U.S. state of Wyoming.
Drift Creek Wilderness is a wilderness area in the Siuslaw National Forest on the Oregon Coast.
Bionicle: Maze of Shadows is a Lego video game based on the Bionicle sets.
The Shanghai Golden Grand Prix is an annual athletics event at the Shanghai Stadium in Shanghai, PR China as part of the IAAF Diamond League.
The Central Bank of Ecuador is the central bank of Ecuador.
The  2020 Summer Paralympics torch relay will run from August 13 until August 25 , 2020 .
Darinka Jevrić ( 21 October 1947 -- 16 February 2007 ) was a Kosovo Serb poet.
The House of the Dead 2 & 3 Return is a compilation and re-release of The House of the Dead 2 and III for Wii.
Sion submitted its bid for the 2006 Winter Olympics backed up by the Swiss Olympic Association.
Doubleback: Evolution of R&B is the tenth studio album by American recording artist Joe.
Clarkson Office Building is a historic office building located at Potsdam in St. Lawrence County, New York.
IK Gauthiod is a Swedish football club located in Grästorp in Västra Götaland County.
A Street Man Named Desire is the third studio album by American country music band Pirates of the Mississippi.
Selsdon railway station was at the junction of the Croydon, Oxted and East Grinstead Railway and the now-closed Woodside and South Croydon Joint Railway.
The  333 d Special Operations Wing is an inactive United States Air Force unit.
Controversy Loves Company is the debut studio album by The Audition.
At the  1932 Winter Olympics one individual Nordic combined event was contested.
Prince of Wales Collegiate is a public high school located in St.
If There Was a Way is the fourth album by Dwight Yoakam.
Kurt Langenbein ( 4 November 1910 -- 22 October 1978 ) was a German international footballer.
Eudore Allard ( 27 August 1915 17 September 2001 ) was a Social Credit Party member of the House of Commons of Canada.
Tang Kwong Hau ( born 9 September 1969 ) is a Hong Kong fencer.
Soviet people who defected to the United States from the Soviet Union.
Esbjerg Power Station is a coal-fired power station at Esbjerg, Denmark.
Americana Master Series: Best of the Sugar Hill Years is an album by American singer-songwriter Guy Clark, released in 2007 .
Princeton University School of Engineering and Applied Science  is located in Princeton, New Jersey, United States.
Camden London Borough Council is the local authority for the London Borough of Camden in Greater London, England.
The Teeth of the Wind is a 1962 television play broadcast by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
Tribejrutama Dhamrong ( 8 February 1881 -- 22 November 1887 ) was the Prince of Siam ( later Thailand ) .
Hong Kong Basic Law Article 23  is an article in the Basic Law of Hong Kong.
Mark Linett is a record producer and audio engineer.
City of Bristol College is a further education college in Bristol, England.
Shosse Entuziastov is a Moscow Metro station on the Kalininsko-Solntsevskaya Line.
Francis John Turner ( 10 April 1904 -- 21 December 1985 ) was a New Zealand geologist.
Janadhipathya Kerala Congress ( Kerala Congress ( Democratic ) ) is a state level Indian political party in Kerala.
Harry Newsham Bentz was an American football player and coach.
King of tha Supa Dupa Hyphy is an official mixtape album released by Keak da Sneak.
Adrian Mole: From Minor to Major is a compilation of the first three books The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole, Aged 13 ¾, The Growing Pains of Adrian Mole and The True Confessions of Adrian Albert Mole.
Balsham Road railway station served Balsham and Fulbourn in Cambridgeshire.
Paneriai railway station is a Lithuanian Railways station in Vilnius.
Janos Sztipanovits is an electrical engineer and computer scientist.
Kosovo–United Arab Emirates relations are foreign relations between Kosovo and the United Arab Emirates.
The Harvard Journal of Law and Public Policy is a law review for conservative and libertarian legal scholarship.
Nick Lowe and His Cowboy Outfit is a 1984 album by British singer-songwriter Nick Lowe.
Vărd railway station was a station on the Agnita railway line in Vărd, Sibiu County Romania.
United Nations Security Council resolutions concerning the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia.
Ronu Majumdar is an Indian flautist in the Hindustani classical music tradition.
El Mundo Del Plan B: Los Que La Montan is Plan B's debut album and features many collaborations with reggaeton artists.
Mike Sanderson ( born 29 May 1971 ) is a New Zealand sailor.
William Henry Porteous Martin ( 15 June 1886 -- 9 January 1939 ) was a Scottish Labour Party politician.
The Brighouse and Rastrick Brass Band was formed in 1881 .
Szladits' Bibliography on Foreign and Comparative Law is a bibliography of law.
Aaron Copland wrote the Symphony for Organ and Orchestra in 1924 .
The Hidden Force is a 1900 novel by the Dutch writer Louis Couperus.
The  1987 Northwest Territories general election was the 16 th general election in the history of the Northwest Territories, Canada.
Hard Rope & Silken Twine is the twelfth and final album released by The Incredible String Band.
Mount Woodrow Wilson is located in the Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming.
The Mullsjö Pentecostal Church is a church building in Mullsjö, Sweden belonging to the Swedish Pentecostal Movement.
Rüte District is a district in the canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden in Switzerland.
Cupid complaining to Venus is an oil painting by Lucas Cranach the Elder.
Anthony Van Wyck was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate.
The  2017 Malaysia Masters Grand Prix Gold was the first grand prix's badminton tournament of the 2017 BWF Grand Prix Gold and Grand Prix.
The Ancient Tomb Sect is a fictional martial arts sect in the wuxia novel The Return of the Condor Heroes by Jin Yong.
Dartchery at the  1968 Summer Paralympics consisted of a mixed pairs event.
Page of Life is the fourth studio album by Jon and Vangelis.
William Senior ( 9 February 1850 22 November 1926 ) was an English-born Australian politician.
William E. Baldwin ( born March 6 , 1948 ) is a former Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
Mi mujer no es mi señora is a  1978  Argentine film.
MSU Faculty of Economics is a faculty of the Moscow State University.
Cedric De Zutter ( born 27 January 1992 ) is a Belgian tennis player.
Planet of the Apes is a film and media franchise.
Mario Bros. II is a platform game for Commodore 64 .
Grand Admiral Thrawn is a fictional character in the Star Wars franchise.
East China Township is a charter township of St.
The Florida Law Review is a bimonthly law review published by the University of Florida's Fredric G. Levin College of Law.
Hymn of the Seventh Galaxy is the third studio album by American jazz fusion band Return to Forever.
The Institute for Integrated Learning in Management -- Graduate School of Management ( IILM GSM ) is in Greater Noida, India.
The Criminal Investigation Bureau ( CIB ) is the agency of National Police Agency under the Ministry of the Interior of the Republic of China.
Campo das Vertentes is one of the twelve mesoregions of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais.
Saint Michael Catholic High School is a Catholic high school in Niagara Falls, Ontario.
The  1946 Hawaii Rainbows football team was an American football team that represented the University of Hawaii during the 1946 college football season.
Metro Deportivo 18 de Marzo is a station on the Mexico City Metro.
Cheers to the Fall is the debut studio album by American singer Andra Day.
Transport in the German Democratic Republic was the responsibility of the Ministry of Transport of the German Democratic Republic.
Gasan Digital Complex Station is on Gyeongbu Line, Seoul Metropolitan Subway Line 1 and Seoul Metropolitan Subway Line 7 .
Imogen and Twinka at Yosemite is a 1974 photograph by Judy Dater.
The  1949 Rice Owls football team was an American football team that represented Rice University during the 1949 college football season.
Long Live the Queen is a visual novel role-playing video game developed by Hanako Games and Spiky Caterpillar, published by Hanako Games.
The Three-Cornered Hat is a novel written by Pedro Antonio de Alarcón in 1874 .
The Bank of Uganda is the central bank of Uganda.
A Home at the End of the World is a  1990  novel by Pulitzer Prize-winning American author Michael Cunningham.
Wrong about Japan is a 2005 book by Peter Carey.
Laugh Break was a Comedy radio station on Sirius Satellite Radio channel 105 .
Chris Babirad is a former college football player for Washington & Jefferson College.
Michel de Codignac was French Ambassador to the Ottoman Empire from 1553 to 1556 , and successor to Gabriel de Luetz d'Aramon.
The Bella Bella and Gale Passage dike swarms are two parallel dike swarms on the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada.
The Baby Within Us Marches On is an album by Attacco Decente.
Warm Heart of Africa is the debut studio album for The Very Best.
The Gipsy Hill is the second studio album by the ska band Big D and the Kids Table.
Woodbourne Correctional Facility is a medium security men's prison operated by the New York State Department of Corrections and Community Supervision in Woodbourne, New York of Sullivan County.
Thomas Charles Atkinson Hislop ( 29 November 1888 -- 21 June 1965 ) was the Mayor of Wellington from 1931 to 1944 .
Yeah Ghost is the fourth studio album by Zero 7 , released in September 2009 .
The Life and Adventures of Santa Claus is a 1902 children's book, written by L. Frank Baum and illustrated by Mary Cowles Clark.
Jacques Vien ( 3 March 1932 8 July 2017 ) was a member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1988 to 1993 .
Line 6  of the Chengdu Metro is a rapid transit line in Chengdu.
The  1964 Winchester by-election was held on 14 May 1964 .
Grand Turk Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Grand Turk Island, Turks and Caicos Islands.
Perth and North Perthshire is a county constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Too Late to Say Goodbye is a 2009 American-Canadian television film directed by Norma Bailey and starring Rob Lowe and Lauren Holly.
Eðvarð Þór Eðvarðsson ( born 29 January 1967 ) is an Icelandic swimmer.
Amerley Ollennu Awua-Asamoa is a Ghanaian diplomat and a member of the New Patriotic Party of Ghana.
Dick Sand, A Captain at Fifteen is a Jules Verne novel published in  1878 .
Wadd: The Life & Times of John C. Holmes is a 1998 documentary about adult film icon John C. Holmes produced and directed by Cass Paley.
Jensen MotorSport is an auto racing team that competes in the Firestone Indy Lights series.
Layton's Mystery Journey: Katrielle and the Millionaires' Conspiracy is a puzzle video game developed and published by Level- 5 .
Eugenia Gifty Kusi is a Ghanaian medical sociologist and politician.
The Art of Julian Lloyd Webber is a 2011 album by Julian Lloyd Webber.
Ladies & Gentlemen: The Best of George Michael is a DVD by George Michael released in 1999 .
The Land Camera 1000  is an instant camera manufactured by Polaroid Corporation.
Alchemy Film & Moving Image Festival is an annual film festival held in Scotland.
The Image: A Guide to Pseudo-Events in America is a 1962 book by the political historian Daniel J. Boorstin.
The Twelve Days of Christmas is a comedy album written by Paul Howard as part of the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.
Start Right Here: Remembering the Life of Keith Green is a compilation album paying tribute to deceased by American contemporary Christian music musician Keith Green.
Zimbabwe Labour Party is a political party in Zimbabwe.
Longing to Tell: Black Women Talk About Sexuality And Intimacy is a 2003 book by Tricia Rose.
Hatchet History: Ten Years of Terror is a compilation album.
Gare de la Bastille was a railway station in Paris.
Erasmus Darwin ( 12 December 1731 -- 18 April 1802 ) was an English physician.
Felipe Fernández ( 9 July 1933 -- 13 January 2012 ) was an Argentine basketball player.
Curling at the  2019 Winter Universiade was held at Ivan Yarygin Sports Palace from 3 to 10 March 2019 .
Luke Hobbs is a fictional character from The Fast and the Furious franchise.
Cry Is for the Flies is the second album by Mexican band Le Butcherettes.
Libyan Olympic Committee is the National Olympic Committee representing Libya.
The Battle of the Karbala Gap occurred during the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
One Armed Swordsman Against Nine Killers is a 1976 Chinese film starring Jimmy Wang Yu.
The Chinese Museum or Museum of Chinese Australian History is an Australian history museum located in Melbourne's Chinatown.
Messenger of the Gods: The Singles is a compilation album of Freddie Mercury's singles.
Indira Gandhi Sports Stadium is a main sports stadium in Union Territory of Puducherry in India.
Eco-Pirate: The Story of Paul Watson is a 2011 documentary film directed by Trish Dolman and produced by Kevin Eastwood.
Bieler Bros. Records is an independent record label in Florida.
Patrick Cotter is an Irish poet based in Cork city.
Jones Township is the southwestern-most township in Beltrami County, United States.
Knut Russell ( 23 June 1902 10 December 1961 ) was a Swedish sprinter.
( Documents Relating to ) The Sentimental Agents in the Volyen Empire is a 1983 science fiction novel by Doris Lessing.
And We Wept the Black Ocean Within is the first studio album by American post-metal band A Storm of Light.
Project Gotham Racing 4  is a racing video game developed by Bizarre Creations and published by Microsoft Game Studios.
The Orenburg Independent Army was an anti-Bolshevik Army on the Eastern Front during the Russian Civil War.
The Star-Spangled Banner National Historic Trail is a National Historic Trail that commemorates the Chesapeake Campaign of the War of 1812 .
Hercules in the Maze of the Minotaur is the fifth and final TV movie pilot for the television series Hercules: The Legendary Journeys.
Warren Fales Draper ( August 9 , 1883 -- March 19 , 1970 ) was Assistant Surgeon General and later Deputy Surgeon General of the United States Public Health Service.
Rosanna Schiaffino ( 25 November 1939 -- 17 October 2009 ) was an Italian film actress.
The Food Standards Agency is a non-ministerial government department of the Government of the United Kingdom.
1970 : The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration was formed.
Phra Chedi Klang Nam is a chedi in Rayong Province.
The Thimphu Athletics Track and Field Centre is an athletics track in Thimphu, Bhutan.
More Songs to Learn and Sing is a compilation album by Echo & the Bunnymen.
Tarawa Beachhead is a 1958 film directed by Paul Wendkos.
South Ossetia–Venezuela relations refers to bilateral foreign relations between the Republic of South Ossetia and Venezuela.
VfB Fortuna Chemnitz is a German association football club from Chemnitz, Saxony.
Sir George Victor Lansell ( 3 October 1883 9 January 1959 ) was an English-born Australian politician.
Askerov Bahram Mehrali oglu ( 5 October 1933 -- 12 March 2014 ) was a physicist.
Burning Lights is the seventh studio album by Chris Tomlin.
The  1946 Yugoslav Constitution was the first constitution of the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia.
Sutton District High School is a public high school in the York Region District School Board with approximately 500 students.
Maria do Nascimento da Graça Amorim is a diplomat and politician from São Tomé and Príncipe.
The Donetsk National Academic Ukrainian Musical and Drama Theatre is a theatre in Donetsk, Ukraine.
The Latvian Institute of International Affairs is a think tank in Latvia.
Abraham Mintchine ( 4 April 1898 25 April 1931 ) , was a Ukrainian painter .
Alain Townsend is a Professor of Medicine in the Weatherall Institute of Molecular Medicine at Oxford University.
The  2016 AAA 400 Drive for Autism was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series race held on May 15 , 2016 , at Dover International Speedway in Dover, Delaware.
Of the City of the Saved... is an original novel by Philip Purser-Hallard set in the Faction Paradox universe.
The  1999 City of Imola motorcycle Grand Prix was the eleventh round of the 1999 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season.
The final of the inaugural season of the Copa Paulino Alcantara was contested by Davao Aguilas F.C.
Mount Fitzpatrick is located in the Salt River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming.
Almuric is a science fiction novel by American writer Robert E. Howard.
Australia at the 1958 British Empire and Commonwealth Games was abbreviated AUS.
Hermann Lemp ( 20 July 1914 9 November 1943 ) was a German modern pentathlete.
Quand nos Aïeux brisèrent leurs entraves was the unofficial national anthem of Haiti from 1893 to 1903 .
The  2006 World Allround Speed Skating Championships were held in the indoor Olympic Oval in Calgary ( Canada ) on 18 and 19 March 2006 .
A Lesson in the Abuse of Information Technology is the first studio album by American punk rock band The Menzingers.
Yat Tung Estate North is one of the 10 constituencies in the Islands District in Hong Kong.
The  2015 AIBA World Boxing Championships was held at the Ali Bin Hamad Al Attiya Arena in Doha, Qatar from 5 to 18 October 2015 .
Leyton Midland Road is a London Overground station in Leyton of the London Borough of Waltham Forest.
Hans Lund-Andersen ( 3 July 1921 9 January 2014 ) was a Norwegian mining engineer and businessperson.
Jack and Jill vs. the World is a film by Vanessa Parise.
Titan Quest: Immortal Throne is an expansion pack to the 2006 action role-playing hack and slash video game Titan Quest.
Tuesday is the day of the week between Monday and Wednesday.
Inverness, Nairn and Lochaber was a county constituency of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom from 1983 to 1997 .
Age of Wonders: Planetfall is a 4 X turn-based strategy video game developed by Triumph Studios and published by Paradox Interactive.
The Best of the Joe Perry Project is a compilation album by The Joe Perry Project.
Russian Fascism: Traditions, Tendencies, Movements is a 2001 book by Stephen D. Shenfield.
Team jumping equestrian at the  2018 Asian Games was held in Jakarta International Equestrian Park, Jakarta, Indonesia on 27 and 28 August 2018 .
Asterix at the Olympic Games is the 12 th comic book album in the Asterix series.
Arthur Robert Smith ( 23 January 1933 -- 3 February 1975 ) was a Scottish rugby union player.
Bury Me in Redwood Country is a 2009 documentary film about the Redwood forest landscape.
The Under-Secretary of State for War and the Colonies was a junior Ministerial post in the United Kingdom government, subordinate to the Secretary of State for War and the Colonies.
Peter Balderston MacGregor ( 9 April 1866 -- 10 April 1936 ) was a member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly.
Dilip Dholakia ( 15 October 1921 -- 2 January 2011 ) , often credited as D.
Agostina Segatori Sitting in the Café du Tambourin was painted by Vincent van Gogh in 1887 .
Henry G. Buhrman ( January 1844 June 1 , 1906 ) was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War.
Benjamin Van Hove ( Born January 17 , 1981 ) is a Belgian field hockey player.
The Galle Fort Post Office is the post office in Galle Fort, Sri Lanka.
And Another Thing... is the sixth and final installment of Douglas Adams' The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy "trilogy".
The Diocese of New Westminster is one of five dioceses of the Ecclesiastical Province of British Columbia and the Yukon of the Anglican Church of Canada.
The Zimbabwe Youth in Alliance ( ZYA ) is a political party in Zimbabwe.
Diego Natale Bona ( 11 December 1926 29 April 2017 ) was a Roman Catholic bishop.
One Swallow Does Not Make a Summer is a 1947 Swedish comedy film directed by Hasse Ekman.
The Story of William Tell is an unfinished film about William Tell.
The Unmaking is the first extended play from Nichole Nordeman.
Nagender Bhadana is a member of the Haryana Legislative Assembly from the Indian National Lok Dal representing the Faridabad NIT Vidhan sabha Constituency in Haryana.
Breon Borders ( born July 22 , 1995 ) is an American football cornerback for the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
The Church in the Darkness is an action-adventure video game.
I Wish We All Could Win is the debut album from the Christian rock band The Afters.
Idrisi is a family name in Middle East and South Asia.
Pind Dadn Khan railway station is located in Pind Dadan Khan, Jhelum district, Pakistan.
When The Moors Ruled In Europe is a documentary film presented by the English historian Bettany Hughes.
Dale Gunnar Renlund ( born November 13 , 1952 ) is a cardiologist and member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints ( LDS Church ) .
The Jason Ellis Show is a radio show on Sirius XM Satellite Radio hosted by Jason Ellis.
Eugene F. Clark ( August 14 , 1850 -- September 9 , 1932 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.
Stella Tanner ( 1 January 1925 -- 26 March 2012 ) was an English radio and television actress.
Kristania Virginia Besouw ( born in Manado, May 7 , 1985 ) was Miss Indonesia 2006 .
Live Bait for the Dead is a live album by Cradle of Filth, recorded at Nottingham Rock City on 14 April 2001 and released on 19 August 2002 .
The Bonus Jack is a hamburger sold by the fast-food restaurant chain Jack in the Box.
The Embassy of Poland in Tel Aviv is the diplomatic mission of the Republic of Poland to the Israel.
Arctic, Antarctic, and Alpine Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Institute of Arctic and Alpine Research ( University of Colorado Boulder ) .
The Cycling Competition at the  2001 Mediterranean Games was a men-only competition.
The Drummondville Voltigeurs are a junior ice hockey team of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League ( QMJHL ) .
Richard C. Kim  is a United States Army brigadier general.
The  2002 British Formula Three season was the 52 nd British Formula Three Championship season.
Annals of Internal Medicine is an academic medical journal published by the American College of Physicians ( ACP ) .
Livingston Correctional Facility was a medium security state prison in Sonyea, Livingston County, New York, owned and operated by the New York State Department of Corrections and Community Supervision.
The James Alvis House at 1311 Pole Line Rd.
The Circuito de Baloncesto de la Costa del Pacífico ( CIBACOPA ) is a basketball league based in Northwestern Mexico.
Live from the Battle in Seattle is the only album released by anti-globalization punk band The No WTO Combo.
The Muppets Valentine Show aired on ABC on January 30 , 1974 .
Acolytes of Cthulhu is an anthology of Cthulhu Mythos stories edited by Robert M. Price.
The Vanuatu Labour Party is a political party in Vanuatu.
Four Horsemen, at Their Leisure is a fantasy short story by Richard Parks.
Robert Couper ( 19 December 1927 24 March 1997 ) was a New Zealand cricketer.
The Timid EP is an EP by indie rock band The Like Young.
The Deputy Secretary of the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection of the Communist Party of China is the deputy to the Secretary of the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection.
Cedar Vale High School is in Cedar Vale, Kansas.
El Hossein El Ouardi ( -- born 22 September 1954 ) is a Moroccan politician of the Party of Progress and Socialism.
Zopilote Machine is the debut studio album by the Mountain Goats.
Darrel J. McLeod is a Cree writer from Canada.
Dracula III: Legacy is a 2005 horror film and the sequel to Dracula 2000 and Dracula II: Ascension.
Meet You There Tour Live is the second live album by Australian pop rock band 5 Seconds of Summer.
The Good Times is the first compilation album by Afroman.
The Bosque del Apache National Wildlife Refuge is located in southern New Mexico.
Darkfall Unholy Wars was a massively multiplayer online role-playing game developed by Aventurine SA.
The White Rabbit is a character in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
Us or Else: Letter to the System is a compilation album by American hip hop recording artist T.I..
Historia / Live: In the Round, in Your Face is a DVD from Def Leppard.
Private Employment Agencies Convention, 1997  is an International Labour Organization Convention.
Brandon Jones is a former member of the Mississippi House of Representatives.
Il Diavolo in convento is a  1950  Italian film directed by Nunzio Malasomma.
Alexander Wennberg ( born 22 September 1994 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Columbus Blue Jackets of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Midlands Provincial Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in the Camdeboo Local Municipality area in Graaff-Reinet in South Africa.
The Brazil women's national inline hockey team is the national team for Brazil.
On 17 June 1995 , the French Consulate in West Perth, Western Australia was firebombed and destroyed.
Portrait of Professor Benjamin H. Rand is an 1874 painting by Thomas Eakins.
Slavery among the indigenous peoples of North and South America took many forms.
The Americas Zone was one of the three regional zones of the 1973 Davis Cup.
The Pine Needles Lodge and Golf Club is a country club in Southern Pines, North Carolina.
Johann Friedrich Wilhelm Baucke ( 7 July 1848 -- 6 June 1931 ) was a New Zealand linguist, ethnologist, journalist and interpreter.
Ernst Heinrich Georg Ule ( 12 March 1854 15 July 1915 ) was a German botanist.
Salil Parekh is the current chief executive officer and managing director of Infosys.
Evesham Friends Meeting House is a historic Quaker meeting house at Moorestown-Mt.
The Bridge Builder is a poem written by Will Allen Dromgoole.
Area of Ayrshire & Arran Ayrshire and Arran is a lieutenancy area of Scotland.
Uzhanian National Nature Park is a protected area in Ukraine.
The Black River Falls Public Library is located in Black River Falls, Wisconsin.
An Abundance of Katherines is a young adult novel by John Green.
The Battle of Fairfield was a cavalry engagement during the Gettysburg Campaign of the American Civil War.
ŠKM Liptovský Hrádok is a Slovak association football club located in Liptovský Hrádok.
Daniel Bartlett Stevens ( January 24 , 1837 -- February 3 , 1924 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
The Rocky Island Historic District is a historic district in the Apostle Islands in Ashland County, Wisconsin.
Time and Withering is the debut album of Atmospheric sludge metal band Mouth of the Architect.
Greystoke: The Legend of Tarzan, Lord of the Apes is a 1984 adventure film directed by Hugh Hudson based on Edgar Rice Burroughs' novel Tarzan of the Apes ( 1912 ) .
Gimcheon Station is a railway station on the Gyeongbu Line and the Gyeongbuk Line.
Adami Tullu and Jido Kombolcha is one of the woredas in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia.
Phillip Hayes Dean ( January 17 , 1931 -- April 14 , 2014 ) was an American stage actor and playwright.
The Very Best of Daryl Hall & John Oates is a 2001 compilation album by the duo Hall & Oates.
Victory Road to the King of Neo Visual Rock is a compilation album by Miyavi released on April 22 , 2009 .
Presbyterian Church in Singapore and Malaysia was a Christian denomination in Malaysia and Singapore.
Pistol Harvest is a 1951 Western film starring Tim Holt.
The Louie Show is an American sitcom television series that aired from January 31 until March 6 , 1996 .
The United States Senate Librarian is the chief librarian of the United States Senate Library.
A Goldsmith in His Shop, Possibly Saint Eligius is a 1449 painting by Petrus Christus, now in the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Gymnastics at the 1975 Pan American Games in Mexico City, Mexico.
Antonio Gandusio ( 29 July 1875 23 May 1951 ) was an Italian film actor.
Imhotep is a shoot 'em up video game published by Ultimate Play the Game.
Trail of Dreams: A Canadian Suite is a 2000 studio album by Oscar Peterson.
Richard Huck is a retired United States Marine Corps officer.
April O'Neil is a fictional character from the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles comics.
Walter Berry was the speaker of Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1780 to 1784 .
The Umbrella Academy: Dallas is the second comic book limited series of The Umbrella Academy created and written by Gerard Way and illustrated by Gabriel Bá.
William Dingwall Fordyce ( 31 March 1836 -- 27 November 1875 ) was a Scottish Liberal politician.
A Distinguished Member of the Humane Society is an 1831 oil on canvas work by English painter Sir Edwin Henry Landseer depicting a Newfoundland dog.
John Petter Sando  is a Norwegian handball player.
Five Scenes from the Snow Country is a composition by Hans Werner Henze for marimba solo.
It is based on two Emilio Salgari novels, The Black Corsair and The Queen of the Caribbean.
The Biggest Loser: Battle of the Ages is the twelfth season of the NBC reality television series entitled The Biggest Loser.
Het Geheim van de Oude Molen  is a  1959  Dutch film directed by Henk van der Linden.
The Delegation of the European Union to Canada is located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
Avery Bourne is a Republican member Illinois House of Representatives representing the 95 th district.
Eas Coire nan Choire is a waterfall of Scotland.
Casanova: The Duel of the Black Rose is a 2001 video game.
Fight for Your Mind is an album by Ben Harper.
Romitan District is a district of Bukhara Region in Uzbekistan.
SV Eintracht Trier 05  is a German association football club based in Trier, Rhineland-Palatinate.
The All New Popeye Show is an American animated television series produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions and King Features Syndicate.
Etrian Odyssey Untold: The Millennium Girl is a 2013 role-playing video game for the Nintendo 3 DS by Atlus.
Cassi Hill is a residential area in the United States Virgin Islands.
The Globe Ranger Station is the principal office of the Globe Ranger District of the Tonto National Forest in Arizona.
The  2019 NextEra Energy 250  was a NASCAR Gander Outdoors Truck Series race held on February 15 , 2019 .
Scouting in Massachusetts includes both Girl Scout and Boy Scouts of America ( BSA ) organizations.
Line 3  of Jinan Metro is a rapid transit line in Jinan.
Montague Valentine Bennett ( 19 February 1912 -- 17 December 1940 ) was an English cricketer.
Borrisokane GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club in County Tipperary in Ireland.
Festival de Música de Jimena de la Frontera is a music festival in Jimena de la Frontera, Spain.
Whitney L. Van Cleve ( April 6 , 1922 -- January 21 , 1997 ) was an American football coach.
Tamás Fejér ( 29 December 1920 4 September 2006 ) was a Hungarian film director.
Common Nonsense: Glenn Beck and the Triumph of Ignorance is a 2010 book by investigative reporter Alexander Zaitchik.
The Drunken Sailor and other Kids Favorites is an album by Tim Hart and Friends.
I Never Said I Was an Angel is a 2009 album by Pauline Kamusewu.
Jean Chavannes Jeune is a Haitian politician who was a candidate in the 2006 Haitian Presidential election for the Christian National Union for the Reconstruction of Haiti.
The Department of Treasury of Puerto Rico is the executive department of the government of Puerto Rico responsible for the treasury of Puerto Rico.
Father of Four and the Wolf Cubs is a 1958 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks and Robert Saaskin.
The Eye of the Storm is an Australian drama film directed by Fred Schepisi.
The Hong Kong International Airport Automated People Mover is a driverless people mover located within Hong Kong International Airport.
Canberra railway station is located on the Bombala railway line in the Australian Capital Territory, Australia.
North Eastern Asmara Administration is an administration of Asmara, Eritrea.
The College of Dental Medicine is the dental school of the Medical University of South Carolina.
Voices of the Self: A Study of Language Competence was written and published in 1991 by Raymond Keith Gilyard.
HMCS Lady Evelyn was a commissioned patrol boat of the Royal Canadian Navy during the First World War.
Germantown Special Services District of Philadelphia is an American municipal authority.
Mike Wise is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives.
Steve McQueen: The Man & Le Mans is a 2015 documentary directed by John McKenna and Gabriel Clarke.
Boško Krunić ( 21 October 1929 -- 23 January 2017 ) was a Yugoslavian Communist political figure.
Northmont High School is part of Northmont City Schools.
Emperor of the Black Runes is the fourth album by Domine.
The Back of the Turtle is a novel by Thomas King.
Live at the Mauch Chunk Opera House is the third album by the Canadian folk trio The Wailin' Jennys.
Steve A. Morrow is an American sound editor and audio engineer.
Richard Wade Walton is a former American football quarterback.
The London Borough of Haringey maintains of parks and open spaces.
The American Samoa national netball team represent America Samoa in international netball.
San Jose Grammar School is a private school.
Bentota River Airport is an airport in Bentota, Sri Lanka .
Jonas Aspelin ( 8 September 1884 3 September 1964 ) was a Norwegian businessperson.
Vermont Commons: Voices of Independence is a newspaper in Vermont that advocates the secession of Vermont from the United States.
Olga, la hija de aquella princesa rusa is a  1972  Argentine film.
Vittorio Bolla ( born 12 January 1932 ) is an Italian ice hockey player.
American Insurance Company v. 356 Bales of Cotton, 26 U.S. ( 1 Pet. )
Expedition 43  was the 43 rd expedition to the International Space Station.
Howard Nathan Jr. ( January 21 , 1972 -- July 28 , 2019 ) was an American professional basketball player.
Armenian State Institute of Physical Culture and Sport is a high-education institute, located in Yerevan, Armenia.
Krumme Lanke is a Berlin U-Bahn station on the .
The Hunt for the Hidden Relic ( Das Jesus Video ) is a 2002 TV-film.
Albans Main Street Historic District is a national historic district located at St.
The Water Witch Club Historic District is located in Middletown Township, Monmouth County, New Jersey.
Nina Ritter ( born 26 January 1981 ) is a German ice hockey player.
Harjono is a former judge of the Constitutional Court of Indonesia.
Compucolor II is character set is developed by Compucolor Corporation.
Nothing Short of a Bullet is a 2002 live album by The Lowest of the Low.
Norman L. Nielsen was a member of the Utah House of Representatives.
Wood Green is a London Underground station on the Piccadilly line.
High Tor is a 1936 play by Maxwell Anderson.
The Secret Life of an American Wife is a 1968 comedy film written and directed by George Axelrod.
When Nothing Else Matters is a 2004 non-fiction book by Michael Leahy.
The Fight for Freedom is a 1908 Western film probably directed by D. W. Griffith.
Santosh Kautika Tarfe is a member of the 13 th Maharashtra Legislative Assembly.
Jeremy Miles AM is the Welsh Labour and Co-operative Party Assembly Member in the National Assembly for Wales for Neath.
Stefanie Mach is a former Democratic member of the Arizona House of Representatives.
Stanford Wong Flunks Big-Time is a novel by Lisa Yee.
Mary Ann Carson is a former member of the Connecticut House of Representatives.
Dong Van Karst Plateau Geopark is a geopark in northern Vietnam.
The Kon-Tiki Expedition: By Raft Across the South Seas is a 1948 book by the Norwegian writer Thor Heyerdahl.
Orange Walk North is an electoral constituency in the Orange Walk District represented in the House of Representatives of the National Assembly of Belize.
High Stakes on the Vegas Strip: Poker Edition is a downloadable game on the PlayStation Store.
Mutineers of the Bounty is a short story by Jules Verne.
Genoa Area Local School District is a school district in Northwest Ohio.
Boyd Big Tree Preserve Conservation Area is a Pennsylvania state park in Lower Paxton and Middle Paxton Townships, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
Stirling and Falkirk is a lieutenancy area of Scotland.
The Dayton Veterans Affairs Medical Center is located at 4100 West 3 rd Street in Dayton, Ohio.
The Factories Act 1961  is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
The Ron Clark Story is a 2006 television film starring Matthew Perry.
Bernabé Zapata Miralles ( born 12 January 1997 ) is a Spanish tennis player.
Hello Cruel World is the third studio album by Sole and the Skyrider Band.
Red Light Fever is the second album by the band Taylor Hawkins and the Coattail Riders.
The House on the Strand is a novel by Daphne du Maurier.
Leonard Retel Helmrich is a Dutch cinematographer and film director.
Chan Yenkhae ( 10 September 1926 5 October 1988 ) was a Thai singer.
Birdlife of Houston, Galveston, and the Upper Texas Coast is a 2006 book by Ted L. Eubanks Jr., Robert A. Behrstock, and Ron J.
Paul Saladin Leonhardt ( 13 November 1877 14 December 1934 ) was a German chess master.
Discovery Real Time was a factual television channel owned by Discovery Networks Western Europe.
From Dusk till Doom is the second album by Stonegard.
Song Review: A Greatest Hits Collection is a double-disc compilation album by Stevie Wonder.
Tale of the Woods is a 1926 silent film directed by Yuri Tarich.
David McKenzie Wright ( 11 February 1874 24 August 1937 ) was a Conservative member of the House of Commons of Canada.
Night of Dark Shadows is a 1971 horror film by Dan Curtis.
Trials of Death is the fifth book in The Saga of Darren Shan by Darren Shan.
El Roi is one of the names of God in the Hebrew Bible.
The curling competition of the  2014 Winter Olympics was held at the Ice Cube Curling Center, nicknamed "the Ice Cube".
The Museum of Natural History at Wrocław University is a large natural history museum at the University of Wrocław, in Wrocław, Poland.
Kambalda Airport serves St Ives Gold Mine near Kambalda, Western Australia.
Mark Batinick is a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives who represents the 97 th district.
Lanao del Norte National Comprehensive High School ( LNNCHS ) is a public school located in Sto.
The Turks and Caicos National Museum is the national museum of the Turks and Caicos Islands.
William Haig ( 6 April 1921 21 August 1967 ) was a New Zealand cricketer.
Mgeni Jadi Kadika is a Member of Parliament in the National Assembly of Tanzania.
Jeff Gordon XS Racing is a 1999 racing video game for the PC and Game Boy Color.
Neratov , now part of the municipality of Bartošovice v Orlických horách, is located in the Rychnov nad Kněžnou District of the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.
The Prize Fighter is an American comedy film starring Tim Conway and Don Knotts.
Emőke Énekes-Szegedi ( 1 January 1948 20 May 1987 ) was a Hungarian volleyball player.
Ángel Salvatierra Velázquez was born in El Puerto de Santa María ( Cádiz ) in 1954 .
Denvour Francis Johnston is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented New Zealand in 1993 .
Happy End of the World is the tenth studio album by Japanese pop band Pizzicato Five.
Eero Aleksander Nelimarkka ( 10 October 1891 27 January 1977 ) was a Finnish painter.
Niamh Briggs ( born 30 September 1984 ) is an Ireland women's rugby union international.
Emirati Sign Language is a deaf sign language of the United Arab Emirates.
Texas Star Flyer is a Funtime Star Flyer operating at Galveston Island Historic Pleasure Pier.
The  17 th Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union was held during 26 January 10 February 1934 .
Stark County Area Vocational School District is a school district located in Stark County, Ohio, United States.
The Grammy Award for Best Boxed or Special Limited Edition Package has been presented since 1995 to an album's art directors.
The Hawaii Rainbow Warriors football team represents the University of Hawaii at Manoa in NCAA Division I FBS college football.
Union Glacier Blue-Ice Runway is the blue ice runway for Union Glacier Camp in Antarctica.
The Bay Pines Veterans Administration Home and Hospital Historic District is a U.S. historic district located at 1000 -- 0 Bay Pines Blvd.
El Rompe Discoteka: The Mix Album is a 2007 compilation album by Hector "El Father".
Fulwell railway station on the Shepperton Branch Line serves Fulwell in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.
Ugochukwu "Ugo" Amadi ( born May 16 , 1997 ) is an American football safety for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Hosne Ara Lutfa Dalia is Bangladesh Awami League politician and Member of Parliament.
Abdel Khlik Abou El-Yazi ( born 2 March 1966 ) is an Egyptian field hockey player.
The Century of Self is the sixth studio album by ...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead.
The Mosaic Project is an album by jazz drummer Terri Lyne Carrington.
Belfast Clifton was a constituency of the Parliament of Northern Ireland.
Boat to Bolivia is the debut album from Martin Stephenson and the Daintees.
Victor Arbekov ( 8 March 1942 -- 18 February 2017 ) was a Russian Grand Prix motocross racer.
The UCL Faculty of Mathematical and Physical Sciences is one of the  11 constituent faculties of University College London ( UCL ) .
Hanging On by a Thread is the second album by The Letter Black.
Daniel Albert Wyttenbach ( 7 August 1746 , Bern 17 January 1820 , Oegstgeest ) was a German Swiss classical scholar.
Strand: Under the Dark Cloth is a Canadian documentary film directed by John Walker.
Sweden returned to the Junior Eurovision Song Contest in  2009 , after missing the  2008 Contest.
Jennifer Kes Remington is an American composer and filmmaker.
The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman is a 1971 novel by Ernest J. Gaines.
This is a timeline of women in library science in the United States.
Ray J. Nye was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.
The girls’ 100 metres hurdles competition at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics was held on 20 -- 23 August 2014 in Nanjing Olympic Sports Center.
The Supreme Court of Justice of El Salvador is the highest court of El Salvador.
1001 Inventions and the World of Ibn Al-Haytham is a 2015 part-animated film directed by Ahmed Salim and starring Omar Sharif.
The old Jennings Post Office is a historic post office building located at 118 West Plaquemine Street in Jennings, Louisiana.
The Earth Pressed Flat is a 1999 album by 10 , 000 Maniacs.
The Order of Military Merit is a Bulgarian order during the Kingdom of Bulgaria and the Republic of Bulgaria.
Ntokou-Pikounda National Park is a protected area in the Congo Basin of the Republic of the Congo.
Václav Jón ( 11 March 1905 28 December 1966 ) was a Czech cross-country skier.
Darden Hamilton ( born November 28 , 1956 ) is a former member of the Arizona State Senate.
The Tower of Babel was the subject of three paintings by Pieter Bruegel the Elder.
Invaders from Rigel is a science fiction novel by American writer Fletcher Pratt.
In Desert and Wilderness is a 1912 novel by Henryk Sienkiewicz.
Inger and Lasse Sandberg are Swedish authors of children's books.
Oscar Peterson and Clark Terry is a 1975 album by Oscar Peterson, accompanied by Clark Terry.
The Central Connecticut Blue Devils men's basketball team is the men's basketball team that represent Central Connecticut State University in New Britain, Connecticut, United States.
In Family We Trust ( known in Thai as , lit.
The Botanical Garden St. Gallen is in the Stephanshornstrasse 4 in the suburb Neudorf of St. Gallen.
Henry O. Schowalter ( August 4 , 1909 -- March 24 , 1998 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Republic of Ireland B is the reserve team of the Republic of Ireland national football team.
I Think This Is is a studio album by Young Fresh Fellows, released on Yep Roc Records in 2009 .
Jerry Collins ( 4 November 1980 -- 5 June 2015 ) was New Zealand rugby union player.
The Dance of the Seven Veils is Salome's dance performed before Herod II.
Cul de Sac is an American comic strip created by Richard Thompson.
The Kingdom of the Netherlands During World War II is the standard reference on the history of the Netherlands during World War II.
Edgar G. Mills was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.
The Raymond Fogelman Social Sciences and Humanities Library is the flagship library of The New School university.
Walk the Earth is the eleventh studio album by the Swedish rock band Europe.
Rod C. Alferness was president of The Optical Society in 2008 .
Lakhan Sahadeo Malik is a member of the 13 th Maharashtra Legislative Assembly.
Murder on the Orient Express is a 1934 detective novel by Agatha Christie.
Mastan Babu Malli ( 3 September 1974 24 March 2015 ) was an Indian mountaineer.
Wael Jassar is a Lebanese singer born 22 November 1976 .
FK Družstevník Plavnica is a Slovak association football club located in Plavnica.
The Canadian cricket team toured the Netherlands in 2009 .
The Magician of Lublin is a 1979 drama film co-written and directed by Menahem Golan based on The Magician of Lublin by Isaac Bashevis Singer.
Taylor Jordan ( born January 17 , 1989 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Sioux City Explorers of the American Association of Independent Professional Baseball.
The University of Warwick Boat Club is the rowing club of the University of Warwick.
Where to Find Your Law is a book by Ernest Arthur Jelf, M.A.
Club Deportivo Municipal de La Paz is a Bolivian football club based in La Paz.
Parthenon: Rise of the Aegean is a historical board game.
The National Autonomous University of Mexico ( UNAM ) is a public research university in Mexico.
Chalti Ka Naam Gaadi is a  1958  Indian comedy film.
Jacqueline Fraser ( born 14 March 1956 ) is a New Zealand artist of Ngāi Tahu descent.
The Barcelona chair is a chair designed by Ludwig Mies van der Rohe and Lilly Reich.
The Age of Innocence is a 1920 novel by Edith Wharton.
Drei Mädchen im Endspiel is an East German film.
Beetle in the Anthill is a  1979  sci-fi novel by Boris and Arkady Strugatsky set in the Noon Universe.
Ezra A. Bowen was a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Senate from 1854 to 1855 .
Roberto Renzi ( 10 February 1923 -- 23 October 2018 ) was an Italian cartoonist.
Laat de Dokter maar Schuiven  is a  1980  Dutch film directed by Nikolai van der Heyde.
10 Neurotics is the tenth studio album by the Darkwave/ Dark Cabaret band Black Tape for a Blue Girl.
Meir Einstein ( &lrm 21 October 1951 -- 23 March 2017 ) was an Israeli sports broadcaster.
Cookstown railway station served Cookstown in County Tyrone in Northern Ireland.
Confessions of a Torpe is a Filipino drama series aired by TV 5  on March 3 , 2014 , replacing Madam Chairman.
Five and Dime is a cartoon short by Walter Lantz Productions, and stars Oswald the Lucky Rabbit.
Matt Bouldin ( born January 17 , 1988 ) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Busan KT Sonicboom of the Korean Basketball League ( KBL ) .
The Molucca Sea is in the Maluku Province of Indonesia
The Colgate Sports Newsreel was a radio program focusing on sports.
Lennox Island 1  is a Mi'kmaq reserve located in Prince County, Prince Edward Island.
Dragon Warrior or Dragon Quest is a video game series.
Eighth Avenue is a local station on the BMT Sea Beach Line of the New York City Subway.
The Presidential State Car is the official state car of the President of Brazil.
Home for Orphans is a compilation album by the Reigning Sound.
Dera Dinpanah railway station is located in Pakistan.
The Patterson School of Diplomacy and International Commerce is part of the University of Kentucky located in Lexington, Kentucky.
The Union Monument in Louisville is located in Cave Hill Cemetery in Louisville, Kentucky.
Miami Sunset Senior High School is a secondary school of the Miami-Dade County Public Schools system.
Dylan Van Unen ( born 22 June 1990 ) is a professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
The Department of Civil Aviation of Zambia is the civil aviation authority of Zambia.
Rob Tenyer  is an American football coach.
Aino-Maija Tikkanen ( 2 November 1927 -- 3 March 2014 ) was a Finnish film actress.
Songs to a Swinging Band is a studio album recorded by U.
The Columbia Sertoma Basketball Club was a professional basketball team.
Chartiers Creek is a tributary of the Ohio River in Western Pennsylvania in the United States.
Enda McDonagh is a priest of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Tuam.
Justice Ellsworth refers to Oliver Ellsworth, the third Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court.
Shannon Robinson is a former Democratic member of the New Mexico Senate.
Savannah Johnson Speak ( 4 September 1868 -- 29 December 1929 ) was an English mining engineer and metallurgist.
Francis Lawrence is an American music video director and film director.
Hazzard was a German-British heavy metal band formed by Herman Frank of Accept fame.
Svag doft av skymning is a 2012 studio album by Peter LeMarc.
220 Volt Live is the seventh live album by Tangerine Dream and forty-eighth overall.
In Love With the End is the third studio album by the hardcore/metalcore band Born from Pain.
Coming Home is the debut album by The Soldiers.
The  1757 raid on Berlin took place during the Third Silesian War ( part of the Seven Years' War ) .
If My Friends Could See Me Now is the second album by Scottish singer Lena Zavaroni.
Liam Ó Rinn ( 20 November 1886 -- 3 October 1943 born William J.
The Twilight Zone is an American media franchise based on the anthology television series created by Rod Serling.
Simón Cano Le Tiec ( born in Málaga ) is a film critic and journalist .
Glasgow Southern RFC was a former rugby union team.
Judy Collins Sings Leonard Cohen: Democracy is an album by Judy Collins, released in 2004 .
Tintin and the Lake of Sharks is a 1972 animated film based on The Adventures of Tintin, directed by Raymond Leblanc.
Arsenal of Democracy is a grand strategy wargame that is based on Hearts of Iron II -- Armageddon and its Europa Engine.
Boundaries of the Heart is a 1988 film starring Wendy Hughes.
The Court Martial of Major Keller is a 1961 British film directed by Ernest Morris and written by Brian Clemens.
The Good Life is an indie rock band on Saddle Creek records.
Christian Liberal party of Ukraine is a political party in Ukraine.
The Tahiti Rugby Union is the governing body for rugby union in Tahiti.
Grand Crossing, Florida is a railway junction located in Florida.
Frida Hyvönen Gives You: Music from the Dance Performance PUDEL is the second album released by Swedish Singer-songwriter Frida Hyvönen.
This Was Supposed to Be the Future is the third studio album by The Nextmen.
Camino Real is a 1953 play by Tennessee Williams.
Towers II: Plight of the Stargazer is a first-person role-playing video game originally developed and published by JV Enterprises for the Atari Falcon in  1995 .
A Man Needs a Woman is a 1968 album by James Carr.
Priya A. S. is an Indian writer of Malayalam literature.
Wilhelm Persson ( 4 January 1886 27 May 1955 ) was a Swedish swimmer.
The Unfinished Spanish Galleon of Finley Lake is the second studio album by Australian rock band Spiderbait, released in 1995 .
Barnacle Bill is a 1930 Fleischer Studios animated short film.
Just Cause is an action-adventure video game set in an open world environment.
A Mid-Summer Noon in the Australian Forest is a poem by Australian poet Charles Harpur.
Kielce Power Station is a coal-fired combined power and heat plant at Kielce, Poland.
In April 2012 , Doc Searls' book The Intention Economy: When Customers Take Charge was published .
The Moon Over Star is a 2008 picture book by Dianna Hutts Aston and illustrated by Jerry Pinkney.
Blue Sky Green Field Wind Energy Center is a wind farm in northeast Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin.
Five by Five, stylized as VxV is the second studio album from Christian metal band Wolves at the Gate.
All She Was Worth is a crime novel by Miyuki Miyabe.
Man of the Woods is the fifth studio album by American singer-songwriter Justin Timberlake.
Cerberus: A Wolf in the Fold is a science fiction novel by American writer Jack L. Chalker.
Little Bird Flies Into a Big Black Cloud is a 2002 album by The Microphones.
Fill Your Head with Rock is a 2005 compilation album from Canadian singer and guitarist Kim Mitchell.
Live at the Garden is a 1967 live album by James Brown and The Famous Flames.
The  2014 Caribbean Premier League season was the second season of the Caribbean Premier League, established by the West Indies Cricket Board.
Minotaur and Little Nerkin is a 1999 British animated short film created by Aardman Animations.
The Boy Next Door is a novel written by Meg Cabot.
Make Your Mark: Ultimate Playlist is a 2012 compilation that was released on October 16 , 2012 .
Atheist Manifesto: The Case Against Christianity, Judaism, and Islam is a 2005 book by French author Michel Onfray.
The Town hall of Bordighera is located at 32 Via XX Settembre in Bordighera, Liguria.
Live from the Royal Albert Hall is the fourth live album by American blues rock musician Joe Bonamassa.
Disco Train is the eighth studio album by Donny Osmond.
East West Side Story was the second compilation album released by the Japanese band The Blue Hearts.
The National Archives of Singapore ( NAS ) is the national archives of Singapore.
Men of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir is a religious compilation album released by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir.
Lawrence Aloysius Whipple ( July 26 , 1910 -- June 8 , 1983 ) was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey.
Grace Blakeley is a British economics commentator and a research fellow at the Institute for Public Policy Research.
Sonnet 124  is one of  154 sonnets written by the English playwright and poet William Shakespeare.
The One Above All, The End Of All That Is is the second and final release by the mathcore band Curl Up and Die.
Jack Andrew is a rugby union player for Cornish Pirates.
Dancing with the Stars is a video game based on the show Dancing with the Stars.
Cveto Pretnar ( January 27 , 1957 -- April 25 , 2018 ) was a Slovenian ice hockey player.
Félix Ramananarivo ( 19 May 1934 12 May 2013 ) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Diocese of Antsirabe, Madagascar.
Ken Wellman ( 2 June 1930 21 March 2013 ) was an Australian ice hockey player.
The Football Association Women's National League Cup is a cup competition in English Women's association football.
The Dream Life of Balso Snell is a 1931 novel by American author Nathanael West.
Sierra Cristal National Park is a national park in Cuba.
My Heart Is a Drunken Compass is a 2014 memoir by Domingo Martinez.
Spirits of the Western Sky is a solo album by Justin Hayward of The Moody Blues.
Óscar Marcelino Álvarez ( 25 May 1948 -- 28 April 2016 ) was an Argentine professional football player.
Joseph Poon is William Barton Rogers Professor of Physics at the University of Virginia.
Princess Ayah bint Faisal of Jordan ( born 11 February 1990 ) is the daughter of Prince Faisal bin Hussein and Princess Alia and is a niece of King Abdullah II of Jordan.
Maria R. Servedio is a Canadian-American professor at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
The Islington Green War Memorial is a war memorial located at Islington Green in the London Borough of Islington.
New York is a transitional serif typeface created by Apple Inc.
The World as Best as I Remember It is a two-volume album series by songwriter Rich Mullins.
Zen: The Music of Fred Katz is the debut album by cellist and composer Fred Katz released on the Pacific Jazz label.
The Twain Shall Meet is the second album by Eric Burdon & the Animals.
The Marymount University School of Business Administration is the business school of Marymount University.
Welcome To our Nightmare: A Tribute To Alice Cooper is a tribute album to Alice Cooper.
Alief Taylor High School is a public high school in the Alief Independent School District.
Portrait of a Woman Wearing a Gold Chain is a 1634 portrait painted by Rembrandt.
In the Time of Gods is the eighth studio album by Dar Williams.
Satish Samanta Halt railway station is a halt railway station on the Panskura-Haldia branch line in South Eastern Railway zone of Indian Railways.
The Kung Sheung Daily News was a newspaper of British Hong Kong.
The  2010 Peak Antifreeze & Motor Oil Indy 300  was the fourteenth round of the 2010 IndyCar Series season.
John S. Durland was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Top Cow Productions is an American comic book publishing company and an imprint of Image Comics.
The Village Pet Store and Charcoal Grill is an art installation by Banksy.
The Paul L. Foster School of Medicine is a medical school in El Paso, Texas at Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center El Paso.
All Girl Summer Fun Band is an album by All Girl Summer Fun Band, released in 2002 .
Dong Phayayen–Khao Yai Forest Complex is a UNESCO World Heritage Site in Thailand.
The Cleveland State Vikings men's soccer team represent Cleveland State University in the Horizon League of NCAA Division I soccer.
Randy Weston was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives from 1991 to 1999 .
February One: The Story of the Greensboro Four is a 2003 documentary film by Rebecca Cerese and Steven Channing.
The Cocoraque Butte Archaeological District is located in Ironwood Forest National Monument, in Pima County, Arizona.
The Food Safety Act 1990  is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Justice Murphy refers to Frank Murphy, an Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court.
The Growing Pains of Adrian Mole, is an epistolary novel by Sue Townsend.
NRJ Sessions: Cœur de pirate is an extended play by Canadian singer Cœur de pirate.
The  1970 Football Championship of Ukrainian SSR was the 40 th season of association football competition of the Ukrainian SSR, which was part of the Second Group of Soviet Class A in Zone 1 .
The Turkish Gambit is the second novel from the Erast Fandorin series of historical detective novels by Russian author Boris Akunin.
Requiem for Julius is an album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet released by the Justin Time label.
South Devon cattle are a breed of British beef cattle.
Thomas J. Maloney ( born August 13 , 1939 ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
Biker Mice from Mars is the second video game released under the same title.
The Life of Nephi is a  1915  lost film financed by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
The Cabin at the End of the World is a horror novel by American writer Paul Tremblay.
The Rocking-Horse Winner is a short story by D. H. Lawrence.
Philippe Gurdjian ( 18 January 1945 -- 30 August 2014 ) was a French racing driver and car racing promoter.
The Nikon Z 7  is a full-frame mirrorless interchangeable-lens camera produced by Nikon.
For Those Who Stay is the third studio album by Canadian duo PS I Love You.
Estonia have competed at the Paralympic Games since the  1992 Summer events.
American Football League players for the New York Yankees.
The Fire Theft is the debut album by American rock band the Fire Theft.
Muhibbe Darga ( 13 June 1921 -- 6 March 2018 ) was a Turkish archaeologist.
The Clean Neighbourhoods and Environment Act 2005  ( c 16 ) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Squadron Leader William Mayes Fry ( 14 November 1896 -- 4 August 1992 ) was a World War I Royal Flying Corps and Royal Air Force fighter ace.
Rabén & Sjögren is a book publishing company in Sweden.
Todd A. Eachus ( born September 26 , 1962 ) served as a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
St Thomas of Canterbury Church of England Aided Junior School is a primary school located in Brentwood, Essex in England.
Armenians in Austria refers to ethnic Armenians living in Austria.
Stone Flower is the sixth studio album by Antônio Carlos Jobim.
The Alton Gift is a science fiction novel by American writers Marion Zimmer Bradley and Deborah J. Ross in the Darkover series.
Ghetto Music: The Blueprint of Hip Hop is the third album from Boogie Down Productions.
Blood on the Dance Floor: HIStory in the Mix is a remix album by American singer Michael Jackson.
Roman Šuster ( born 8 January 1978 ) is a Czech rugby union player.
Andreas Thidemand Carlsen Ruud ( 28 July 1857 -- ?? )
Danielle M. Dick is a psychologist at Virginia Commonwealth University.
Korea University Station is a subway station on the Seoul Subway Line 6 .
__NOTOC__The Jazz Album: Watch What Happens is a 2006 studio album by the German baritone Thomas Quasthoff.
Everything Perfect on the Wrong Day is the first album by Texan metalcore and electronic band Sky Eats Airplane.
Lega Pro Prima Divisione was the third highest football league in Italy.
The Long Goodbye is the second album by indie rock band The Essex Green.
The  20 th season of The Bachelor premiered on January 4 , 2016 .
Union for the New RepublicUnion of Democrats for the RepublicRally for the RepublicUnion for a Popular Movement 1959  1968  1977  2002
The Democratic Republic of Timor-Leste Party is a political party in East Timor.
Veterans of Disorder is the eighth studio album by Royal Trux.
Dr. Jem Spectar is the President of the University of Pittsburgh at Johnstown .
Daniel Dewey ( January 29 , 1766 -- May 26 , 1815 ) was a U.S.
Mount Scenery is a potentially active volcano in the Caribbean Netherlands.
Teamsters Canada is a Canadian trade union affiliated with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters and the Canadian Labour Congress.
Mi Vida: La Película is a compilation album by Wisin & Yandel.
Miguel Caetano Dias ( 9 July 1854 26 July 1936 ) was a Goan medical doctor.
La Mort de la gazelle is a 2008 documentary film.
Roll Over and Play Live is a live album of instrumental rock music by Ronnie Montrose.
Karl, 8 th Prince Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau ( 29 November 1858 -- 11 December 1919 ) was the 8 th Prince Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau.
The Ministry of Justice and Human Rights is the Justice ministry of Argentina.
Paulino Lukudu Loro is the archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Juba, South Sudan.
Arthur Anderson Martin ( 26 March 1876 -- 17 September 1916 ) was a New Zealand surgeon .
Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid is a 1969 American Western film directed by George Roy Hill and written by William Goldman.
Doobie Shea Records was a record label featuring independent bluegrass artists.
Rado Trifunović ( born 25 January 1973 ) is a Slovenian basketball coach for the Slovenia national basketball team.
Line D of the Buenos Aires Underground runs from Catedral to Congreso de Tucumán.
Eddie Harris Goes to the Movies is the fifth album by American jazz saxophonist Eddie Harris.
The Union of Forces for Change is an opposition political party in Togo.
Camp Geiger is a United States Marine Corps base.
Syed Nasim Ahmad Zaidi served as 20 th Chief Election Commissioner of India.
Galatea of the Spheres is a painting by Salvador Dalí made in 1952 .
The Devil and Daniel Johnston is a 2005 documentary film about American musician Daniel Johnston.
The Escape from the Studio Tour was a 2009 concert tour by metal band Korn.
Elmer J. Schowalter ( October 12 , 1894 -- June 9 , 1964 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Captain Price is a character in the Call of Duty video game franchise.
The Burning Season is the fourth studio album by Faith and the Muse.
Transit of Venus is the fourth studio album by Canadian rock band Three Days Grace.
Peter Pan Records was a record label specializing in children's music.
Mark Owen Woyongo is a Ghanaian politician and the Ghanaian Minister for the Interior for the Ghanaian Ministry of the Interior.
Augustin Nicolas Gilbert ( 15 February 1858 -- 4 March 1927 ) was a French physician.
Grace Marie Bochenek is an American industrial engineer and the former Director of the National Energy Technology Laboratory within the United States Department of Energy's Office of Fossil Energy.
Girls artistic gymnastics qualification at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics was held at the Nanjing Olympic Sports Centre on August 18 .
Pleasant Lake Stream flows into the Middle Branch Grass River near Newbridge, New York.
Giuseppe Sinigaglia ( 28 January 1884 -- 10 August 1916 ) was an Italian rower.
The Water-Babies, A Fairy Tale for a Land Baby is a children's novel by Charles Kingsley.
Donald Wilson ( 25 September 1892 -- 21 June 1978 ) was a United States Army Air Forces general during World War II.
This Animal is Mischievous is a 1965 novel by David Benedictus.
The  2017 -- 18 UEFA Youth League Domestic Champions Path was played from 27 September to 22 November 2017 .
The  1906 Home Nations Championship was the twenty-fourth series of the rugby union Home Nations Championship.
A Certain Young Man is a 1928 comedy film directed by Hobart Henley.
Carl G. Washburne Memorial State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Oregon, administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department.
Fort William and Rainy River was a federal electoral district represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 1917 to 1925 .
It's a Musical World is a Canadian music television series which aired on CBC Television from 1973 to 1975 .
Andy Mullen was the quarterback for the 1933 Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.
Kroaldakhn is a village in Hazm Al Udayn District in the Ibb Governorate in Yemen.
Rat Pack Filmproduktion GmbH is a German film production company.
Head of a Young Woman is a painting by Pablo Picasso.
Bay of Islands is a former New Zealand parliamentary electorate.
Geography of a Horse Dreamer is a play by Sam Shepard.
Balkan Idols: Religion and Nationalism in Yugoslav States is a book by Vjekoslav Perica.
Guns of the Black Witch is a 1961 adventure film directed by Domenico Paolella.
The Dexter National Fish Hatchery & Technology Center is a U.S.
Line 6  of the Fuzhou Metro runs from Cangshan District to Changle District.
The Adventures of Martin Eden is a 1942 black-and-white adventure film directed by Sidney Salkow and starring Glenn Ford and Claire Trevor.
The Bili Forest is located in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in Central Africa in the Bas-Uele District.
War and Peace is a novel by Leo Tolstoy.
George Jones Salutes Hank Williams is the  1960  country music studio album released in May 1960 by George Jones.
The Sound and the Fury is an American drama film directed by James Franco.
Juan de Villoldo was a Spanish painter of Toledo.
Napoleon Lapathiotis ( 31 October 1888 -- 7 January 1944 ) was a Greek poet.
The Department of East Tennessee and West Virginia was a Confederate Army command in the Trans-Allegheny Theater during the American Civil War.
The Union of Federalist Nationalists of Congo is a political party in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The Night Creeper is the fourth studio album by English band Uncle Acid & the Deadbeats.
Philip G. Killey is a retired United States Air Force officer.
Where Fear and Weapons Meet was a hardcore punk band from South Florida.
Cecco di Pietro was an Italian painter of the Pisan School.
The Archives Nationales du Congo are the national archives of the Republic of the Congo.
Ich werde hier sein im Sonnenschein und im Schatten is a novel by Swiss writer Christian Kracht.
Tom Dalgety is an English record producer and audio engineer.
Looney Tunes Showcase: Volume 1  is a Blu-ray disc announced by Warner Home Video.
If Marriage Fails is a lost 1925 film directed by John Ince and written by C. Gardner Sullivan.
Timothy Abraham Curtis was Governor of the Bank of England from 1837 to 1839 .
The Antigua and Barbuda national rugby union team represents Antigua and Barbuda in the sport of rugby union.
TV Travel Shop was a British television channel that sold holidays.
The Royal Dragoon Guards ( RDG ) is a cavalry regiment of the British Army.
"If I Were Your Woman" is a song recorded by Gladys Knight & the Pips.
Pražského povstání is a Prague Metro station on Line C.
A Season in Purgatory is a 1993 novel by Dominick Dunne.
A Question of Honor is a 1915 American short silent film directed by B. Reeves Eason.
Felipe ha gli occhi azzurri is an Italian television series.
François Marie Peyrenc de Moras ( 11 August 1718 -- 3 May 1771 ) was a senior French politician.
The High Water Marks is an indie rock band associated with the Elephant 6 collective.
Bugs Bunny and the Three Bears is a 1944 Merrie Melodies cartoon short directed by Chuck Jones and written by Tedd Pierce.
Savvy & Mandy are a country pop duo from Southern California in the United States.
Journey to Atlantis is book 9 of the Race Against Time series written by J. J.
Everything on a Waffle is a 2001 bestselling children's novel, written by Polly Horvath and published by Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
Sanghiya Loktantrik Rastriya Manch is a political party in Nepal.
In the Wake of Separation is an album by the melodic death metal/thrash metal band Thine Eyes Bleed.
The Language of Life is the fifth studio album by British musical duo Everything but the Girl.
Live at Celtic Connections 2000  is a live album by Scottish Celtic rock band Runrig.
Sebkha el Sahel is a protected area of Libya.
Pointe au Baril Station Water Aerodrome, , is located southwest of Pointe au Baril, Ontario Canada.
Mortal Kombat Arcade Kollection is a 2011 video game developed by NetherRealm Studios and Other Ocean Interactive and published by Warner Bros. Games.
Charles LeRoy Gittens  ( August 31 , 1928 -- July 27 , 2011 ) was an American United States Secret Service agent.
Anne-Marie Goumba ( born 9 October 1954 ) , is a member of the National Assembly of the Central African Republic and as a member of the Pan-African Parliament from the Central African Republic.
Goldilocks and the Three Bears is the 9 th episode of the television anthology Faerie Tale Theatre.
The Aberystwyth Cliff Railway opened on 1 August 1896 .
The IEEE Donald O. Pederson Award in Solid-State Circuits is a Technical Field Award of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers ( IEEE ) .
Legend of Nine Tails Fox is a 2016 Chinese television series based on six tales in Strange Stories from a Chinese Studio by Pu Songling.
Viljam Johansson ( 18 April 1887 8 August 1931 ) was a Finnish long-distance runner.
Report of the Royal Commission on Genetic Modification was published in 2001 by the government appointed Royal Commission on Genetic Modification.
Anthropic Bias: Observation Selection Effects in Science and Philosophy ( 2002 ) is a book by philosopher Nick Bostrom.
The Fight for Manod is a 1979 novel by Raymond Williams.
Former Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority Metro Express routes in Los Angeles County, California.
Walter McDonald ( 24 March 1884 22 March 1955 ) was an Australian cricketer.
All Alone in the Universe is a children's novel by American author Lynne Rae Perkins.
The Sports Grounds Safety Authority ( SGSA ) is a non-departmental public body in the United Kingdom funded by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport ( DCMS ) .
Linda Orange is a Democratic member and deputy speaker of the Connecticut House of Representatives.
Walter P. Melchior ( August 18 , 1894 -- October 22 , 1976 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
The Rachel Maddow Show was a weekday radio show on the Air America Radio network hosted by Rachel Maddow.
The Dicastery for the Laity, Family and Life is a dicastery of the Roman Curia.
The Wizard of the Emerald City is a 1939 children's novel by Russian writer Alexander Melentyevich Volkov.
Walter Hermann von Heineke ( 17 May 1834 , Schönebeck -- 28 April 1901 , Erlangen ) was a German surgeon.
Cycling Australia Hall of Fame was established in 2015 .
The Attorney General of California is the state attorney general of the Government of California.
The Corporate Town of Semaphore was a local government area in South Australia.
The Office of the Higher Education Commission ( OHEC ) is a department-level agency of the Thai government.
Dream of Fair to Middling Women is Samuel Beckett’s first novel.
The Social Political Movement of the Roma is a political party in Moldova.
Blossom Damania is a virologist at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Johann Adam von Zahlheim was a mayor of Vienna.
Code Orange is a 2005 young adult novel by Caroline B. Cooney.
Hilton Kramer ( March 25 , 1928 -- March 27 , 2012 ) was an American art critic and essayist.
USS Release was a bark-rigged sailing vessel in the United States Navy during the American Civil War.
The Argentine general election of 1995  was held on 14 May.
Pend Oreille Wildlife Management Area at is an Idaho wildlife management area in Bonner County near Sandpoint.
Eames: The Architect and the Painter is a 2011 documentary film about American designers Charles and Ray Eames and the Eames Office.
Tantash is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru.
Descent to the Underworld is the debut studio album recorded by Raven Lord.
Music for the Mature B-Boy is the first studio album by DJ Format.
The Garde de Bordon is a mountain in the Pennine Alps.
Big Five Hlabisa Local Municipality is a local municipality of South Africa.
Eugene Island block 330 oil field is an oil field in the United States Exclusive Economic Zone in the Gulf of Mexico.
Lost Horse Valley is a valley in Joshua Tree National Park.
The Thief of Baghdad is a 1978 fantasy film directed by Clive Donner and starring Roddy MacDowall and Kabir Bedi.
George Jonathan Danforth was a member of the South Dakota Senate.
Pirates: The Key of Dreams is a shoot 'em up video game by developers Oxygen Games for WiiWare.
The Secret: Suster Ngesot Urban Legend is an Indonesian horror film released in 2018 .
Robert P. Ericksen is a historian of the Holocaust.
Tiny Toon Adventures Cartoon Workshop is an edutainment video game for the Nintendo Entertainment System based on Tiny Toon Adventures.
Nevado de Palermo is a mountain in the Andes Mountains of Argentina.
And a Nightingale Sang is a play by British playwright C.P.
Louis Keppard ( February 2 , 1888 , New Orleans February 18 , 1986 , New Orleans ) was an American jazz guitarist and tubist.
Fish Out of Water is a 2009 documentary film by director Ky Dickens.
The  2014 Sam Houston State Bearkats baseball team represents Sam Houston State University in the  2014 intercollegiate baseball season.
Cyril and St. Methodius University of Veliko Tarnovo ( Bulgarian Великотърновски университет „Св.
Baselius IV Simon was the Patriarch of Antioch and head of the Syriac Orthodox Church from 1422 until his death in 1444 .
Decade in the Sun: Best of Stereophonics is a compilation album of greatest hits by Stereophonics.
Myer Fredman ( 29 January 1932 -- 4 July 2014 ) was a British-Australian conductor.
A Glimpse of Tiger is a 1971 novel by Herman Raucher.
Edward A. Biery ( September 8 , 1920 -- September 24 , 2012 ) is an American film editor.
The Taxpayers Party of New York State was an American political party active in the state of New York.
Esporte Clube Águia Negra, usually known simply as Águia Negra or as Águia Negra de Rio Brilhante is a Brazilian football club from Rio Brilhante, Mato Grosso do Sul state.
The Curious Enlightenment of Professor Caritat is a book by Steven Lukes.
See This Through and Leave is the debut album by The Cooper Temple Clause.
The Men's Finn was a sailing event on the Sailing at the 2012 Summer Olympics program in Weymouth and Portland National Sailing Academy.
Vivekanand Memorial Public School or VMPS is a school in Raisinghnagar.
The Kansas City Championship was a golf tournament on the Symetra Tour.
The  1936 International Society for Contemporary Music Festival was the fourteenth edition of the festival.
Bahrain–Qatar relations are the bilateral relations between the State of Qatar and the Kingdom of Bahrain.
Love and Pain and the Whole Damn Thing is a 1973 American comedy-drama film directed by Alan J. Pakula.
John Marco Allegro ( 17 February 1923 -- 17 February 1988 ) was an English archaeologist and Dead Sea Scrolls scholar.
The Action of 31 January 1748  was a minor naval battle of the War of Austrian Succession between two British Royal naval ships and a French naval ship of the line.
The Eastleigh–Fareham line is the railway line from Eastleigh to Fareham in the United Kingdom.
The  2007 killing of French tourists in Mauritania happened on December 24 , 2007 .
A Little Piece of Ground is a young adult novel by Elizabeth Laird.
Justice Field refers to Stephen Johnson Field, an Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court.
The United States of America competed at the  2011 World Championships in Athletics from August 27 to September 4 in Daegu, South Korea.
Expedition 41  was the 41 st expedition to the International Space Station.
Sidi Aissa Ben Slimane is a small town and rural commune in El Kelâat Es-Sraghna Province of the Marrakesh-Tensift-El Haouz region of Morocco.
Libín is a municipality ( obec ) in České Budějovice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.
The  2019 South Point 400  was a Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series race held on September 15 , 2019 at Las Vegas Motor Speedway in Las Vegas.
BC Sportul Studentesc Bucharest is a basketball club from Bucharest.
The Kids Are Alright is the debut studio album by American R&B duo Chloe x Halle.
Westminster Business School ( WBS ) is the business school of the University of Westminster.
An Indiscreet Journey is a 1915 short story by Katherine Mansfield.
The Ministry of Cultural Heritage and Activities is the culture ministry of the Italian Republic.
Manny Pacquiao vs. Juan Manuel Márquez IV, billed as Fight of the Decade, was a professional boxing match.
A Cotton Office in New Orleans is an 1873 oil painting by Edgar Degas.
Martha Sundquist State Forest is a Tennessee state forest located in Cocke County near Hartford.
The Military Museum of the Legion was established in 1940 to celebrate the Spanish Legion.
Cardiff and Vale University Health Board is a Local Health Board in Wales.
Eno River State Park is a North Carolina state park in Durham and Orange Counties, North Carolina.
Huaguoshan Park station , is a station of Line 9  of the Guangzhou Metro.
Waspam is a municipality in the North Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region of Nicaragua.
Hua Hin Market Village is a shopping mall in Hua Hin, Prachuap Khiri Khan Province, Thailand.
The Apa Caldă is a tributary of the Beliș River in Romania.
The British Society for Oral and Dental Research was established in 1953 .
Caoqiao station is a station on Line 10  and Daxing Airport Express of the Beijing Subway.
The Old Roman Catholic Church in Great Britain was founded by Arnold Harris Mathew in 1910 .
Sarah Waukau is a former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Ryan Dean Newman is an American lawyer and former United States Army Captain.
Hanzala Shaheed Malik is a Scottish Labour Party politician.
European Union patent law is a subset of European patent law.
Roger de Wynkleigh was Dean of Exeter between 1231 and 1252 .
Karel Bártů ( 22 September 1916 25 July 2008 ) was a Czech modern pentathlete who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.
The  2020 United States House of Representatives elections in North Carolina will be held on November 3 , 2020 , to elect the 13 U.S.
From Star Wars to Jedi: The Making of a Saga is a 1983 television documentary special that originally aired on PBS.
Allahyar and the Legend of Markhor is a Pakistani computer animated film directed by Uzair Zaheer Khan.
The Rape of the Sabine Women is a painting by Peter Paul Rubens.
The Church of Santo Domingo de Silos is a church located in Millana, Spain.
Age of Mythology: The Boardgame is a board game created by Glenn Drover based on the video game Age of Mythology.
Reckless is a 2010 young adult novel by Cornelia Funke and Lionel Wigram.
TY Pyxidis is an eclipsing binary star in the constellation Pyxis.
The National Trust for the Cayman Islands is the national trust serving the Cayman Islands.
The Sunlandic Twins is the seventh album by indie pop band of Montreal.
Globe Flower Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island west of Buttle Lake.
The monarchy of the Netherlands is the constitutional monarchy of the Netherlands.
New Magnetic Wonder is the sixth studio album from The Apples in Stereo.
Little West Kill flows into the Schoharie Creek by Lexington, New York.
Level 1 Entertainment is an American film production company.
The Memory of Justice is a 1976 documentary film directed by Marcel Ophüls.
Hillary Pattenden ( born December 27 , 1990 ) is an ice hockey player for the Mercyhurst Lakers women's ice hockey program.
The Moon Maiden is a science fiction novel by Garrett P. Serviss.
Charles E. Jenkins was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the New York State Assembly.
Ralphi -- Der Schlaubär aus der Augsburger Puppenkiste is a German television series.
East St. Louis Lincoln High School was a high school in East St. Louis, Illinois.
Alf E. Jakobsen ( born 11 January 1952 in Lenvik ) is a Norwegian Labour politician.
Scales Mound Community Unit School District 211  is a school district headquartered in Scales Mound, Illinois.
The Party for Socialism and Democracy in Niger ( PSDN-Alheri ) is a political party in Niger.
The  2008 Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles season was a season in Japanese baseball.
Dreadful Sanctuary is a science fiction novel by British author Eric Frank Russell.
Gang Signs & Prayer is the debut studio album by British rapper Stormzy.
Lucy Wortham James ( September 13 , 1880 -- January 20 , 1938 ) was an American philanthropist.
David Beaglehole ( 8 January 1938 -- 21 March 2014 ) was a New Zealand physicist.
Wrightson Road links downtown Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago with the Audrey Jeffers Highway.
An Evening with Lena Horne is a 1994 live album by Lena Horne.
A Fraction of the Whole is a 2008 novel by Steve Toltz.
Naga Story: The Other Side of Silence is a 2003 documentary film by Indian film maker Gopal Menon.
The Arctic ice pack is the sea ice cover of the Arctic Ocean and its vicinity.
Ancien Village Ngouassa  is a village in the Bamingui-Bangoran Prefecture in the northern Central African Republic.
The Laurence Olivier Award for Outstanding Achievement in an Affiliate Theatre is an annual award presented by The Society of London Theatre in recognition of achievements in commercial British theatre.
Modern pentathlon at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics was held from 22 to 26 August at the Nanjing Olympic Sports Centre in Nanjing, China.
The Alberta Advantage Party is a registered political party in Alberta, Canada.
Paderborn Cathedral is the cathedral of the Catholic Archdiocese of Paderborn.
Light My Fire: A Classic Rock Salute to the Doors is a tribute album dedicated to The Doors.
Barb Fugate is an American rugby union player and coach.
City on a Hill: Sing Alleluia was released in 2002 .
Nena was a German Neue Deutsche Welle band.
The Peoples Party of Sierra Leone was a political party formed by Lamina Sankoh in 1948 .
Psychology of Aesthetics, Creativity, and the Arts is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association.
Live in Montreal is the second live album by the Canadian melodic death metal band Quo Vadis.
John S. Nabila is a Ghanaian geographer and academic.
Cossacks 3  is a real-time strategy video game for Microsoft Windows made by the Ukrainian developer GSC Game World.
...To Be Loved: The Best of Papa Roach is the first compilation album by Californian rock band Papa Roach.
Blessed & Cursed is a 2010 album by Devil Sold His Soul.
Ron James Newsome ( September 15 , 1943 -- April 17 , 2012 ) was an American football coach.
AlphaVille Pictures Copenhagen is a film production company based in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Durlav Kumar Thapa is a retired police chief of Nepal Police.
Anthony Wayne was a United States Army general during the American Revolutionary War.
Faculdade de Informática e Administração Paulista  ( FIAP ) is a higher education institution in São Paulo, Brazil.
"The Doctor, the Widow and the Wardrobe" is an episode of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
A Season in Sinji is the second novel by J.L.
Hydraulic fracturing in the United States began in 1949 .
Ngima Gelu Lama is a Nepali film director of Sherpa ethnicity.
Moving Up Country is an album by James Yorkston and the Athletes.
The Sam Houston Regional Library and Research Center is located in unincorporated Liberty County, Texas.
Fort Tonoloway State Park is an undeveloped Maryland state park located near present day Hancock.
Lysbeth: A Tale of the Dutch is a 1901 novel by H. Rider Haggard.
George Paul Miller ( January 15 , 1891 -- December 29 , 1982 ) was a U.S.
Andrew John Berger ( August 30 , 1915 -- July 4 , 1995 ) was an American ornithologist from the American Museum of Natural History.
White Sulphur Springs National Fish Hatchery is a U.S.
A Touch of Music a Touch of Donovan is a compilation album from Scottish singer-songwriter Donovan.
Winding Stair Mountain National Recreation Area is a United States National Recreation Area located within the Ouachita National Forest.
West Thurrock Power Station was a coal-fired power station on the River Thames at Stone Ness, West Thurrock in Essex.
Faculty ( academics ) of the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology at Kumasi in the Ashanti Region of Ghana.
Ogden Mills & Ruth Livingston Mills State Park, also known as Mills Memorial State Park, is a state park located in Staatsburg in Dutchess County, New York.
The Landtag of Lower Austria is the state parliament of the Austrian state of Lower Austria.
Love Gone Sour, Suspicion, and Bad Debt is the 1994 third album by Pittsburgh band The Clarks.
Botswana National Olympic Committee is the National Olympic Committee representing Botswana.
Joe Starnes ( March 31 , 1895 -- January 9 , 1962 ) was a U.S.
London Flat, London Sharp is an album by Dave Brubeck.
Tha Phra is a main road intersection in the Wat Tha Phra Subdistrict, Bangkok Yai District in Thon Buri side, Bangkok.
From the Underground and Below is the ninth studio album by the thrash metal band Overkill released in 1997 by CMC International.
Steve Jobs: The Man in the Machine is a documentary film about Steve Jobs directed and produced by Alex Gibney.
Linn High School is the only high school in Osage County R-II School District in Linn, Missouri.
Ravinder Pal Singh is a former Indian field hockey player.
Mount Terry Fox Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.
Big Graveling Creek is a tributary of the Mullica River in southern New Jersey in the United States.
Blessphemy...of the Peace Beast Feastgiver and the Bear Warp Kumite is the third album by the Noise Rock band An Albatross.
Idea Man: A Memoir by the Cofounder of Microsoft ( 2011 ) is the New York Times bestselling memoir by Microsoft cofounder Paul Allen.
The AWB Vincent Literary Award is a literary award presented annually by The Ireland Funds.
Falak Sher is a former justice of Supreme Court of Pakistan and a former Chief Justice of Lahore High Court.
The Dungcas Beach Defense Guns are an old World War II Japanese fortification in the United States territory of Guam.
Quintus Minucius Esquilinus Augurinus was a Roman consul in 457 .
Julie Carr is an American poet who was awarded a 2011 National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship for Poetry.
The arrondissement of La Châtre is an arrondissement of France in the Indre department in the Centre-Val de Loire region.
The Destruction of Small Ideas is the third studio album by 65 daysofstatic.
The River of Stars is a 1921 British silent adventure film directed by Floyd Martin Thornton and starring Teddy Arundell, Harry Agar Lyons and Faith Bevan.
West Thurrock Lagoon and Marshes is a 66 . 1 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in West Thurrock in Essex.
Ravenmark: Scourge of Estellion is a turn-based strategy video game developed and published by Singaporean studio Witching Hour Studios.
Clarence G. Dow  ( October 2 , 1854 -- March 11 , 1893 ) was a Major League Baseball outfielder.
The Academy Award for Best Film Editing is one of the annual awards of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ( AMPAS ) .
Robert K. Hamilton ( September 3 , 1905 -- November 10 , 1986 ) was a Speaker of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.
Phenomenal Handclap Band are a psychedelic soul band from New York City.
Principal Takes a Holiday is an American television film that aired on ABC's The Wonderful World of Disney anthology series.
Battle Cry: Worship from the Frontlines is an album by Teen Mania Ministries.
A Tapestry of Carols is an album by Maddy Prior.
Gian Giacomo Gallarati Scotti ( 2 September 1886 -- 4 January 1983 ) was an Italian politician.
The flag of the Turkmen Soviet Socialist Republic was adopted by the Turkmen SSR on August 1 , 1953 .
The Kumasi Military Hospital is a military hospital in Afari in the Atwima Nwabiagya District of the Ashanti Region of Ghana.
Dirty Story is a 2003 play by John Patrick Shanley.
The Year is One is the second studio album released by the American rock band Comes with the Fall.
The Sankarist Pan-African Convention is a political party in Burkina Faso.
The Congress of People for Progress is a political party in Benin.
North Delhi is an administrative district of the National Capital Territory of Delhi in India.
Emmanuel Frémiet ( 6 December 1824 10 September 1910 ) was a French sculptor.
Sheen Kach Dam is small dam in Frontier Region Tank of FATA, Pakistan.
Mother See of Holy Etchmiadzin , is the governing body of the Armenian Apostolic Church.
The Feeling Good Handbook is a book written by David D. Burns.
Ten Days in a Mad-House is a book by American journalist Nellie Bly.
The Women competition at the 2019 World Sprint Speed Skating Championships was held on 23 and 24 February 2019 .
Have a Good Time for Me is the third studio album by the singer-songwriter Jonathan Edwards, released in 1973 .
Nikolay Konstantinovich Dorizo ( October 22 , 1923 -- January 31 , 2011 ) was a Russian poet.
Dvorska Luda predstavlja: Ples sa vragom is a compilation released in 2009 .
London Conversations: The Best of Saint Etienne is a compilation album by Saint Etienne.
Frederick Sprague was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate during the 1849 and 1850 sessions.
Fabrizio Cristiano De André ( 18 February 1940 -- 11 January 1999 ) was an Italian singer-songwriter.
"Able" Mable Thomas is a member of the Georgia House of Representatives representing Georgia House District 56 .
Patty Moran Shepard ( October 1 , 1945 -- January 3 , 2013 ) was an American-born film actress.
Los dineros del diablo ( The Devil's Money ) is a Mexican drama film directed by Alejandro Galindo.
Minotaur Kneeling over Sleeping Girl is a 1933 etching by Pablo Picasso.
David S. Adams ( born 1961 ) was the Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs of the United States Department of State.
Francisco Aranda Millán ( 14 October 1881 , Villarroya de la Sierra -- 20 July 1937 ) was a Spanish zoologist.
Everyday Process: The Process of Illumination & Elimination is the first solo album by Christian hip hop group Everyday Process.
Vietnam competed at the  2012 Summer Paralympics in London.
Horace Randal ( January 4 , 1833 May 2 , 1864 ) was a Confederate States Army colonel during the American Civil War ( Civil War ) .
Apple I character set is character set developed Apple Inc. for Apple I.
Port of Khasab is situated in the Musandam Governorate of Oman.
The road to hell is paved with good intentions is a proverb or aphorism.
Piri Wiri Tua Movement is a Māori political party in New Zealand associated with the Ratana movement.
Dustin Miller is a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives.